---
title: MC470137 - (Updated) Email notifications for "Issues in your environment that require action"
description: (Updated) Email notifications for "Issues in your environment that require action"
slug: MC470137
sidebar:
    label: MC470137
---


Last updated: 

<p>Updated November 16, 2023: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>In December 2021, a new section was added to the service health page in the Microsoft 365 admin center, featuring "Issues in your environment that require action."   These types of issues are not caused by Microsoft services being unhealthy, but by something specific to your organization that require an admin to take action.<br></p><p>
</p><p>To ensure that these notifications successfully reach you, an email will now be sent automatically each time a new issue is posted.<br></p><p>
</p><p>If you do not want to receive these email notifications, you can adjust your email preferences by clicking the "Customize" button on the service health page.<br></p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=&amp;searchterms=103631" target="_blank">103631</a></p><p>[When this will happen:]</p><ul><li>Targeted Release: We will begin rolling out late July (previously mid-June) and expect to complete by mid-August.<br></li><li>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out early August (previously early July) and expect to complete by mid-February 2023 (previously early November).</li></ul><p>[How this will affect your organization:]<br></p><p>Admins will receive new emails if an "Issue in your environment that requires action" is posted for their organization.</p><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]<br></p><p>Ensure that your email address on file is correct. You can see the email address on file for notifications by visiting Health -&gt; Service Health, clicking "Customize", and selecting the "Email" tab.</p>

## Further reading
