---
title: MC516263 - (Updated) Stream Migration Tool and Delay Settings are Now Generally Available
description: (Updated) Stream Migration Tool and Delay Settings are Now Generally Available
slug: MC516263
sidebar:
    label: MC516263
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Feb 15, 2023 |  | Mar 14, 2023 |

EndDateTime: Mar 31, 2024

Severity: high

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message Feature update User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Stream

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>Updated March 14, 2023: We have updated this message to show as intended. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>The Stream migration tool, which has been in preview since August of 2022, has now entered general availability. The tool is designed to help IT admins migrate video content from Stream (Classic) to Stream (on SharePoint). Admins can access the tool by logging on to the Stream Admin Center and then navigating to <i>Stream Migration &gt; Migration tool</i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;<br></p><p>As announced in January, <a href="https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-stream-blog/update-on-stream-classic-retirement-last-day-of-service-set-for/ba-p/3712075" target="_blank">Stream (Classic) will be retired on Feb 15, 2024</a> for all customers, except GCC customers. The successor service Stream (on SharePoint) is currently available for all customers. A critical step to begin adopting Stream (on SharePoint) is to migrate video content to it. The Stream migration tool has been designed to help admins move content from Stream (Classic) to Stream (on SharePoint) as there is no auto-migration within Stream (Classic).&nbsp;</p><p>
</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=93361" target="_blank">93361</a></p><p><b>Note</b>: This message center post does not apply to Government Commercial Cloud (GCC) customers. The migration tool is not yet available for GCC customers, and we have not yet set a retirement date for the GCC instance of Stream (Classic). Until those dates are announced, GCC customers can continue to use Stream (Classic) without interruption. When these dates are announced GCC customers will receive both access to the migration tool and one-year advance notice of retirement.<i>&nbsp;</i></p><p><b>When this will happen:</b> 
</p><p> 
</p><p>GA: We will begin rolling out on February 15,2023 and expect to complete rollout by late February.</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b> 
</p><p>
</p><p>As part of the Stream (Classic) retirement process we are introducing two default date settings which admins can adjust using the Stream (Classic) admin center.&nbsp;</p><p>How to delay the change that will block users from uploading to Stream (Classic):</p><ul><li>Beginning May 15, 2023 users will be blocked from uploading content to Stream (Classic) unless you take action to delay this change. You can delay this change to as late as August 15, 2023, after which videos will start saving to Stream (on SharePoint) by default. You can access the setting by navigating to the <i>Stream (Classic) Admin center &gt; Stream Migration &gt; Settings</i>. Under “<i>Save videos to Stream (on SharePoint)</i>” change the “<i>Scheduled for</i>” to your desired date. For more information please visit <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/stream/streamnew/migration-settings#delay-upload-block-setting" target="_blank" style="font-family: sans-serif; font-weight: 400; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">this page</a>.<br></li><li>After the “<i>scheduled for”</i> date, users who attempt to upload to Stream (Classic) will see only the option to upload to Stream (on SharePoint). Users who click on this option will be redirected to the Stream start page (Stream.Office.com) where they can upload to Stream (on SharePoint).&nbsp;</li></ul><p>How to delay the change that will block users from accessing Stream (Classic):</p><ul><li>Beginning October 15, 2023 users will no longer be able to access or use Stream (Classic) unless you take action to delay this change. You can delay this change until February 15, 2024, after which your users will not be able to access Stream (Classic). You can access this setting by navigating to the <i>Stream (Classic) Admin center &gt; Stream Migration &gt; Settings.</i>&nbsp;Under “<i>Disable Stream (Classic) for users</i>” change the “<i>Scheduled for</i>” date to your desired date.&nbsp;</li><li>The date you enter in the “<i>Scheduled for</i>” box will be the date that end users lose access to Stream (Classic). Note: Admins will retain access Stream (Classic) and the migration tool until February 15, 2024. For more information, please visit <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/stream/streamnew/migration-settings#disable-stream-classic" target="_blank">this page</a>.</li></ul><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b><br></p><p>
</p><p>We recommend that you consider taking these actions:&nbsp;<br></p><ol><li>Begin planning your video content migration. While Stream (Classic) will be available until February 15, 2024, we plan to retire some functionality sooner than 2024.&nbsp;<br></li><li>View the <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/stream/streamnew/stream-classic-to-new-migration-overview#timeline" target="_blank">Stream (Classic) retirement timeline </a>for the most current dates in the retirement process.&nbsp;<br></li><li>Delay default service retirement date settings if needed.&nbsp;</li></ol><p>See the documentation below to familiarize yourself with the migration process:<br></p><ul><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/stream/streamnew/understand-the-tool" target="_blank">Stream (Classic) to Stream (on SharePoint) migration tool</a></li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/stream/streamnew/step-by-step-guide" target="_blank">Step-by step guide to run the Stream migration tool</a></li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/stream/streamnew/migration-settings" target="_blank">Stream migration tool settings</a></li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/stream/streamnew/migration-details" target="_blank">Stream migration tool reports, permissions and embed support</a></li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/stream/streamnew/migration-strategies" target="_blank">Migration strategies for moving from Stream (Classic) to Stream (on SharePoint)</a></li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/stream/streamnew/stream-classic-to-new-migration-overview#migration--retirement-timeline" target="_blank">Stream (Classic) retirement timeline</a></li></ul><p>If you would like to provide feedback to the product team on any items that may be blocking you from using this migration tool in its current state, please provide your feedback via this Message center post .<br></p>

## Further reading
