---
title: MC542767 - SharePoint 2013 workflow retirement
description: SharePoint 2013 workflow retirement
slug: MC542767
sidebar:
    label: MC542767
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Apr 17, 2023 |  | Apr 17, 2023 |

EndDateTime: May 26, 2026

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: True

Tags: User impact Admin impact Retirement

Service: SharePoint Online OneDrive for Business

Details: 

<p>Since the release of SharePoint workflows, Microsoft has evolved workflow orchestration to not only encompass SharePoint, but all the productivity services you use with Microsoft 365 and beyond. With the continued investment in Power Automate as the universal solution to workflow, Microsoft is retiring SharePoint 2013 workflows. 
</p><p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><ul><li>Starting April 2nd, 2024, SharePoint 2013 workflows will be turned off for any newly created tenants. 
</li><li>Starting April 2nd, 2026, Microsoft will remove the ability to run, or create and execute SharePoint 2013 workflows for existing tenants. 
</li></ul><p><b>How this will affect your organization</b><br></p><p>If your organization still uses SharePoint 2013 workflows, they will no longer function after April 2nd, 2026. We recommend customers to move to Power Automate or other supported solutions. 
</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare</b> 
</p><p>You will want to notify your users, workflow developers and site owners. Update your user training and prepare your help desk. 
</p><p>For admins 
</p><ul><li>Use the <a href="https://pnp.github.io/pnpassessment/index.html" target="_blank">Microsoft 365 Assessment tool </a>to scan your tenants for legacy workflow usage. 
</li><li>Review&nbsp;<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/sharepoint/dev/business-apps/power-automate/guidance/migrate-from-classic-workflows-to-power-automate-flows" target="_blank" style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); font-family: sans-serif; font-weight: 400;">Guidance: Migrate from classic workflows to Power Automate flows in SharePoint</a></li><li>Review the <a href="https://powerautomate.microsoft.com/" target="_blank" style="">Power Automate resources</a> as a solution to legacy workflows.</li></ul><p><b>Note:&nbsp;</b>There will not be an option to extend SharePoint 2013 workflow beyond April 2nd 2026.</p><p>  
</p><p>Learn more:</p><ul><li>Detailed <a href="https://aka.ms/sp-workflows-2013support" target="_blank" style="font-family: sans-serif; font-weight: 400;">support article</a> with additional resources.&nbsp;<br></li></ul>

## Further reading
