---
title: MC549348 - (Updated) Webinar Email feature updates -customize content and time to send reminders
description: (Updated) Webinar Email feature updates -customize content and time to send reminders
slug: MC549348
sidebar:
    label: MC549348
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| May 02, 2023 |  | Jan 24, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 01, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated January 24, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Emails for Webinars are critical to engage with registrants and often organizers feel the need to customize the content. To enable this,&nbsp;we are rolling out two features.&nbsp;<br></p>
<ol><li>The content of the emails (i.e. all webinar related attendee emails) can be edited by the event organizers. This is reserved for Teams Premium licensed organizers.&nbsp;</li><li>Time to send reminder emails can be configured by the event organizers. This is reserved for Teams Premium licensed organizers.&nbsp;</li></ol><p>
</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=&amp;searchterms=119391" target="_blank">119391</a><br></p>

<p><b>When this will happen:</b><br></p>

<p>Standard Release: rollout will start in mid-July and expected to be completed by end of July.</p><p>GCC: rollout will start in mid-November 2023 (previously mid-October) and expected to be completed by late February 2024 (previously late January).</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b><br></p>

<p>Email customization is governed by IT admin policy to enable admins to restrict organizers with Teams Premium license from being able to edit the content of the emails. This setting is available in Teams Events policy. <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/set-csteamseventspolicy?view=teams-ps" target="_blank">Set-CsTeamsEventsPolicy</a>&nbsp;</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>Both these features are reserved for users that have a Teams Premium license. The policy to customize content is enabled by default in commercial SKU.&nbsp;</p>

## Further reading
