---
title: MC557110 - New details on IE11 desktop application next steps
description: New details on IE11 desktop application next steps
slug: MC557110
sidebar:
    label: MC557110
---


Last updated: 

<p>Internet Explorer 11 (IE11) visual references, such as the IE11 icons on the Start Menu and taskbar, will no longer be removed by Windows update as previously communicated. Based on customer feedback, organizations will maintain control over determining the timing to remove IE11 UI elements from their devices, if they have not already done so. </p><p><b>Note:</b> IT teams can remove IE11 visual references on Windows 10 devices by using the <a href="https://aka.ms/Disable_IE_Policy" target="_blank">Disable IE policy</a>.
</p><p>Additionally, over the coming months a small subset of exceptional scenarios where IE11 is still accessible will be redirected to Edge, ensuring users access a supported and more secure Microsoft browser. Details will be available in the Windows and Microsoft Edge release notes. 
</p><p>As a reminder, IE11 has been out of support since June 15, 2022, and was permanently disabled on February 14, 2023. These changes are intended to provide a better user experience and smoothly transition users from IE11 to Microsoft Edge to ensure a faster and more secure browsing experience.
</p><p>[When this will happen]:<br></p><ul><li>IE11 visuals can be removed at organizations' discretion by using the <a href="https://aka.ms/Disable_IE_Policy" target="_blank">Disable IE policy</a>
</li><li>Changes will be made over the next coming months to redirect a small subset of exceptional scenarios where IE11 is still accessible to Edge.</li></ul><p>[How this will affect your organization]:<br></p><ul><li>Organizations that have already transitioned from IE11 to Microsoft Edge with IE mode or that have already used the Disable IE policy to remove IE11 visual references will not be impacted by this update. Note: To remove the IE visual references such as on the taskbar or Start Menu, you will need to use the <a href="https://aka.ms/Disable_IE_Policy" target="_blank">Disable IE policy</a>.</li></ul><p>[What you need to do to prepare]:<br></p><p>If you have not done so already, finish your transition to Microsoft Edge with IE mode to avoid any business disruption related to IE retirement. If you would like to remove all IE11 visuals/entry points, set the <a href="https://aka.ms/Disable_IE_Policy" target="_blank">Disable IE policy</a>. Details about IE11 changes made can be found in release notes.
</p><p>If you need help transitioning from IE11 to Microsoft Edge with IE mode, please reach out to Microsoft as soon as possible through one of the following pathways:
</p><ol><li><a href="https://support.serviceshub.microsoft.com/supportforbusiness" target="_blank">Open a support ticket </a>for help with technical issues
</li><li><a href="https://www.microsoft.com/fasttrack/microsoft-365/app-assure" target="_blank">Request help at no charge from the App Assure team</a> for app compatibility issues</li></ol><p>The majority of customers have already moved to Microsoft Edge and are experiencing the performance and productivity benefits of a faster, more secure, and more modern web experience than Internet Explorer (<a href="https://aka.ms/MicrosoftEdge_CustomerStories" target="_blank" style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); font-family: sans-serif; font-weight: 400;">learn more</a>). Microsoft Edge is the only browser with built-in compatibility for legacy IE-based sites and apps with IE mode.<br></p><p>[Additional Information]</p><ul><li><a href="https://aka.ms/IEModeFAQ" target="_blank">Read the FAQ </a>to help answer your questions.  
</li></ul><p>We always value feedback from our customers.
</p>

## Further reading
