---
title: MC635989 - (Updated) Automatic Transcription for Video Uploads to SharePoint Online, Yammer, and Office.com
description: (Updated) Automatic Transcription for Video Uploads to SharePoint Online, Yammer, and Office.com
slug: MC635989
sidebar:
    label: MC635989
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jul 11, 2023 |  | Jan 30, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Jun 24, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message Feature update User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Stream Microsoft Viva

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>Updated January 30, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. We apologize for the delay and thank you for your patience.</p><p>Videos uploaded to SharePoint Online, Yammer, and Office.com will have transcriptions automatically generated shortly after upload. This feature will not be available for A1 and trial tenancies.<br></p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=124932" target="_blank">124932</a><br></p><p><b>When this will happen:</b><br></p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out in late July and expect to complete rollout by early May 2024 (previously late January).<br></p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b><br></p><p>This change will be ON by default but can be disabled at tenant-level settings using the <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/sharepoint-online/set-spotenant?view=sharepoint-ps#-mediatranscriptionautomaticfeatures" target="_blank">Media Transcription property within PowerShell</a>. <code><code>MediaTranscriptionAutomaticFeatures</code></code> is the PowerShell command.</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b><br></p><p>There is nothing you need to do to prepare for this. You may want to notify users of this update. For additional information, <a href="https://support.microsoft.com/office/view-edit-and-manage-video-transcripts-and-captions-3cb9acb6-05b2-4f59-a50d-7df61123aa20#bkmk_about" target="_blank">please visit this documentation</a>.</p>

## Further reading
