---
title: MC650423 - GA Rollout for Microsoft Edge management service in the Microsoft 365 admin center
description: GA Rollout for Microsoft Edge management service in the Microsoft 365 admin center
slug: MC650423
sidebar:
    label: MC650423
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jul 20, 2023 |  | Jul 20, 2023 |

EndDateTime: Jul 20, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: New feature User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 suite

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">The Microsoft Edge management service, a new, dedicated and simplified management experience for Microsoft Edge in the Microsoft 365 admin center, is rolling out now for general availability. This tool allows IT admins to manage group policies and extensions with a simplified, intuitive UI. Admins can set policies through toggles and drop-down menus instead of the complexity of configuring JSON values, which helps reduce errors. This solution is another option for managing Edge that lives alongside Intune and other major endpoint solutions.<br></p><p>Global admins and Edge admins in the Microsoft 365 admin center can create and manage policies and extensions and assign these configurations to Azure AD groups using the intuitive UI. In the extensions tab, admins can access Edge Add-ons to search for, see ratings, add, and delete extensions, as well as view user extension requests, all in one easy-to-navigate location.</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=124856" target="_blank">124856</a></p>

<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Edge management service is rolling out now in the Microsoft 365 admin center. If using Edge version 115.1934 and earlier, please <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/deployedge/microsoft-edge-management-service#enable-the-microsoft-edge-management-service" target="_blank">use these steps to enable</a>. If using Edge version 115.1935 and later, Edge management service is enabled by default.</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b><br></p>

<p>Edge management service is an additional option for managing Edge, along with Intune and other major endpoint solutions. It’s designed to make management of Microsoft Edge simpler and faster.</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b><br></p><p>To manage extensions and policies in the Edge management service, you will need Global admin or Edge admin access. <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/assign-admin-roles?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">Read this article</a> to learn how to assign admin roles in the Microsoft 365 admin center.
</p><p>To access the experience, go to the Microsoft 365 admin center &gt; S<i>ettings &gt; Microsoft Edge</i>.
</p><p>Additional information:<br></p><ul><li><a href="https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2023/05/23/microsoft-edge-build-2023-innovations-in-AI-productivity-management-sidebar-apps/#management" target="_blank">Read our announcement of the Edge management service</a> for more information.
</li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/deployedge/microsoft-edge-management-service" target="_blank">Read this documentation</a> to learn how to get started and use Edge management service.
</li><li>Should you experience any technical issues, please <a href="https://support.serviceshub.microsoft.com/supportforbusiness" target="_blank">open a support ticket</a>.
</li></ul><p><br></p>

## Further reading
