---
title: MC666613 - (Updated) Local Contacts Search
description: (Updated) Local Contacts Search
slug: MC666613
sidebar:
    label: MC666613
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Aug 09, 2023 |  | Feb 21, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Jun 03, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 apps

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated February 21, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Users will now have access to a quicker and easier method to search their Outlook Mobile contact list within the app. We are adding a search bar at the top of a user’s in app contact list that will allow users to type the name of a contact to easily find a contact. This search is limited only to the contacts within the Outlook Mobile app, and this feature does not search any device contacts that have not been synced with Outlook.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=135281" target="_blank">135281</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>Preview: We will begin rolling out mid-September 2023.<br></p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out mid-October 2023 and expect to complete by late April 2024 (previously mid-February).</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>There are no added settings or training needed for you as an admin. This feature will work for all users who have access to and/or use contacts in Outlook Mobile.&nbsp;</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>There is nothing required to prepare.</p>

## Further reading
