---
title: MC665936 - (Updated) Device Management Changes for Microsoft Teams Android Devices
description: (Updated) Device Management Changes for Microsoft Teams Android Devices
slug: MC665936
sidebar:
    label: MC665936
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Aug 08, 2023 |  | Jan 05, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Jul 29, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message Feature update User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Intune Microsoft Teams

Details: 

<p>Updated January 5, 2024: We have updated the content below for clarification. Thank you for your patience.</p><p><a href="https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-teams-blog/what-s-new-in-microsoft-teams-rooms-and-devices-at-enterprise/ba-p/3770137" target="_blank">Earlier this year, the new Microsoft device ecosystem platform built on the Android Open-Source Project (AOSP) was announced</a> delivering state-of-the art security, reliability, and manageability with Microsoft Intune. Microsoft Teams Android devices will be migrating to this platform. The first step in the migration is a firmware update to Microsoft Teams Android devices in 2024. The firmware update will move devices from Android device administrator to Android AOSP management.<br></p><p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>TAP will begin in Q2 of calendar 2024.</p><p>Eligible Microsoft Teams Android devices will initially receive a manual firmware update in Teams Admin Center so IT admins can manually verify the migration on select devices.</p><p>Eventually, the firmware update for migration will be scheduled as an automatic firmware update in Teams Admin Center. This automatic firmware update can be deferred for up to 90 days from first availability.
</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p><p>The firmware upgrade, including the support for Intune management of Android (AOSP) devices must be accepted. It can be deferred for up to 90 days after it is first available. This can be done in the same way as other firmware upgrades in Teams Admin Center.</p><p>Devices will continue to remain signed in after the firmware upgrade.
</p><p>Certain legacy devices will not receive the firmware upgrade for Android (AOSP) management in Intune. These devices will continue using Device Administrator.</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b><br></p><p>Policies will not be migrated automatically between Android device administrator and Android (AOSP) platforms. IT admins will need to create the appropriate new policies under the Intune Android (AOSP) platform to support their Microsoft Teams Android Devices.
</p><p>This will need to be done before taking the firmware update for a successful migration.
</p><p>More details on enabling support and creating policies for Intune AOSP will follow closer to the start of Preview.</p>

## Further reading
