---
title: MC671824 - (Updated) Power Automate app changing name to "Workflows" within Microsoft Teams
description: (Updated) Power Automate app changing name to "Workflows" within Microsoft Teams
slug: MC671824
sidebar:
    label: MC671824
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Aug 29, 2023 |  | Dec 11, 2023 |

EndDateTime: Feb 26, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message Feature update User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>Updated December 11, 2023: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>To provide a unified workflow experience within Microsoft Teams we will be merging the existing Workflows app with the Power Automate app. With this merger the Power Automate app will be changing its name to "Workflows".<br></p><p>There will be no change to user experience within the app. Users will still be able to manage all their flows within the app along with browsing workflow templates or creating a new flow from scratch. Whether you have existing workflows in the Power Automate app or the Workflows app your workflows will persist in the new unified app. Users will still be able to configure new workflows through the various app entry points (tab, bot, message extension, message action, personal app).</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=131294" target="_blank">131294</a></p><p><b>When this will happen:</b>
</p><p>Targeted Release: We will begin rolling out early October 2023 (previously mid-September) and expect to complete by mid-October 2023 (previously late September).
</p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out mid-October 2023 (previously late September) and expect to complete by early November 2023 (previously early October).
</p><p>GCC Release: We will begin rolling out early November and expect to complete by mid-January 2024 (previously mid-December 2023).</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b>
</p><p>Power Automate app will be changing its name to "Workflows".&nbsp;</p><p>The app will be pre-installed for all Teams users when this merger is released. If users had uninstalled this app previously it will show for them again and they will need to uninstall.&nbsp;</p><p>Teams Admin Center: If admins previously disabled the Power Automate app it will still remain disabled after the merger.&nbsp;However, if admins had previously disabled the old Workflow app, since that app no longer exists, they will need to go back into TAC and disable the new Workflows app.</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b>
</p><p>Consider bringing awareness to your users about this change if your tenant uses the Power Automate app within Microsoft Teams.&nbsp;</p>

## Further reading
