---
title: MC677516 - (Updated) Viva Pulse Customization Control Migration
description: (Updated) Viva Pulse Customization Control Migration
slug: MC677516
sidebar:
    label: MC677516
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Sep 26, 2023 |  | Feb 08, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 01, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message Feature update User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Viva

Details: 

<p style="">Updated February 8, 2024: We have updated the timing of this change below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">The customization control in the Viva Pulse Admin Experience will soon be managed through centralized feature access management in Viva through PowerShell. This customization control provides admins the ability to turn on or off customization capabilities for survey authors to add their own questions to existing stock templates or edit existing stock questions. With centralized feature access management, admins can configure access at the tenant level, group level (using AAD groups or M365 Groups), or at the user level, for maximum flexibility.&nbsp;<br></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>These changes are expected to be completed by late February 2024 (previously mid-January).&nbsp;</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p><ul><li>At the end of October, the two customization controls will be consolidated to one customization control called ‘Survey question customization’. The value currently set for the “New questions” control will be the value of the new consolidated customization control. Management of the control will change to PowerShell configurations through <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2245618" target="_blank">centralized feature access management</a>. The UX for this control in the Viva Pulse Admin Experience will be removed. 
</li><li>For any tenant that has previously disabled the customization control, you will have a policy assigned to everyone in the tenant that maintains that disabled state. The admin can then manage/edit/delete that policy after the migration. 
</li></ul><p>Admins will soon be able to manage the customization feature control for their specific users, groups, or the entire tenant by using PowerShell. Use the Add-VivaModuleFeaturePolicy cmdlet to create a new access policy to disable customization in Viva Pulse. The attributes of the policy are defined using specific parameters of the cmdlet. Policies are used to restrict or grant access to the specified feature for specific users, groups, or the entire tenant.
</p><p>For more information about the PowerShell cmdlets and detailed instructions on how to create a policy, please review: 
</p><ul><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/exchange/add-vivamodulefeaturepolicy?view=exchange-ps" target="_blank">Add-VivaModuleFeaturePolicy (ExchangePowerShell) | Microsoft Learn</a></li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/exchange/get-vivamodulefeaturepolicy?view=exchange-ps" target="_blank">Get-VivaModuleFeaturePolicy (ExchangePowerShell) | Microsoft Learn</a></li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/exchange/remove-vivamodulefeaturepolicy?view=exchange-ps" target="_blank">Remove-VivaModuleFeaturePolicy (ExchangePowerShell) | Microsoft Learn</a></li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/exchange/update-vivamodulefeaturepolicy?view=exchange-ps" target="_blank">Update-VivaModuleFeaturePolicy (ExchangePowerShell) | Microsoft Learn</a></li></ul>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>Review and assess the impact on your organization. Determine if you want to create a policy to configure granular access to the Customization feature in Viva Pulse.</p><p><b>Additional resources:</b></p><ul><li><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2245618" target="_blank">Control access to features in Viva</a></li></ul>

## Further reading
