---
title: MC671812 - (Updated) REMINDER - Upcoming Changes to Customization Controls in Viva Pulse In-App Experience
description: (Updated) REMINDER - Upcoming Changes to Customization Controls in Viva Pulse In-App Experience
slug: MC671812
sidebar:
    label: MC671812
---


Last updated: 

<p>Updated January 24, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>Currently, there are two customization controls in the Viva Pulse In-App Admin Experience. The ‘<i>Stock Questions</i>’ control allows employees to edit stock questions. The ‘<i>New questions</i>’ control allows employees to create their own questions. In the upcoming release, we will be merging the two controls into one customization control. </p><p>This one control, when turned ON, will allow employees to edit stock questions and add their own questions in the Pulse survey. All customization capabilities will be turned ON when this control is ON, and all customization capabilities will be turned OFF when this control is OFF.&nbsp;&nbsp;<br></p><p>[When this will happen:]</p><p>Rollout will begin in mid-September 2023 and is expected to be fully rolled out by late January 2024 (previously mid-January).</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]<br></p><p>When we merge the two controls, your organization’s customization setting will be set to the value of the ‘<i>New questions</i>’ control at the time of the change.</p><ul><li>If <i>‘New questions’</i> control is ON, and ‘<i>Edit Stock Questions</i>’ control is ON, then the new customization control will be ON.</li><li>If <i>‘New questions’</i> control is ON, and ‘<i>Edit Stock Questions</i>’ control is OFF, then the new customization control will be ON.</li><li>If <i>‘New questions’</i> control is OFF, and <i>‘Edit Stock Questions’</i> control is ON, then the new customization control will be ON.&nbsp;</li><li>If <i>‘New questions</i>’ control is&nbsp;OFF, and ‘<i>Edit Stock Questions</i>’ control is OFF, then the new customization will be OFF.&nbsp; &nbsp;</li></ul><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p><p>You can prepare for this change by completing the following:</p><ol><li>Identify whether you would like the customization control to be ON or OFF for your organization.</li><li>If you want customization capabilities for your organization, then make sure the ‘<i>New Questions</i>’ control is set to ‘ON.’</li><li>If you do not want customization capabilities for your organization, then turn the ‘<i>New Questions’</i> control ‘OFF.'</li></ol><p><br></p>

## Further reading
