---
title: MC678852 - (Updated) Out-of-box Controlled-content meeting template
description: (Updated) Out-of-box Controlled-content meeting template
slug: MC678852
sidebar:
    label: MC678852
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Oct 02, 2023 |  | Feb 07, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 01, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature User impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated February 7, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">We are launching an out-of-the box template for meetings with external participants. The controlled content access template has preset defaults for meeting options to provide tight controls over lobby bypass, who can present, allowing chat across meeting lifecycle/in-meeting, and who can record.<br></p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=91286" target="_blank">91286</a><br></p>

<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out in mid-October and complete by late October 2023.</p><p>GCC: We will begin rolling out early November and complete by mid-November 2023.</p><p>GCC High: We will begin rolling out mid-November 2023 (previously early October) and complete by late November 2023 (previously mid-October).&nbsp;</p><p>DoD:&nbsp; We will begin rolling out late November 2023 (previously mid-November) and complete by late February 2024 (previously late January).<br></p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>The use of this out-of-box template is to remove the manual set-up needed for meeting with external participants. One can access this template by going to Teams Calendar &gt; Schedule meeting &gt; Controlled-content meeting template. This template is also available in Outlook. Please go to Teams Meeting drop down and select Controlled-content meeting template.&nbsp;</p><p>Template Access: The template is accessible to all users, whether they have a premium subscription or not. However, premium features within the template are available only to Premium users.&nbsp;</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b><br></p>
<p>Please share about this functionality with your users.</p>

## Further reading
