---
title: MC687205 - Manage Surface Hub 3 devices in Teams admin center and Teams Rooms Pro Management portal
description: Manage Surface Hub 3 devices in Teams admin center and Teams Rooms Pro Management portal
slug: MC687205
sidebar:
    label: MC687205
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Nov 03, 2023 |  | Nov 03, 2023 |

EndDateTime: Feb 26, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 for the web

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>Surface Hub 3 is now officially joining the Microsoft Teams Rooms family as an all-in-one Teams Rooms board running Teams Rooms on Windows.<br></p><p>This integration brings a unified experience to all your meeting spaces, allowing your team to seamlessly transition from one room to another. Whether you are using the streamlined, touch-first interface on Surface Hub 3 or the traditional console-based Teams Rooms setup, the experience remains consistent.
</p><p>As Admins, you will be delighted to know that you can now manage Surface Hub 3 in the Teams Admin Center, right alongside your Teams rooms on Windows devices. Surface Hub 2S devices running the legacy Windows 10 Team edition experience will continue to show in the “Surface Hubs” tab.
</p><p>For those with Teams Rooms Pro licenses, you can effortlessly monitor and manage your Surface Hub 3 devices through the Teams Rooms Pro Management portal.</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=&amp;searchterms=168347" target="_blank" style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); font-family: sans-serif; font-weight: 400;">168347</a></p><p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out in early December and expect to complete in mid-December.</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p><p>This integration brings with it some important changes for administrators using Teams Admin Center (TAC)/ Teams Rooms Pro Management portal (PMP) to manage their Teams Rooms on Windows devices:
</p><ol><li>TAC - The new Surface Hub 3 devices and the software-migrated Surface hub 2S devices, upon enrollment, will be shown as part of the Teams Rooms on Windows inventory under the Teams devices section within Teams Admin Center. Only the Surface hub 2S devices running the legacy Windows 10 Team edition will be shown in the Surface hubs inventory.</li><li>PMP – Surface Hub 3 devices and the software-migrated Surface hub 2S devices, upon enrollment will display as MTR on Windows device type in the Rooms dashboard.</li></ol><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p><p>This is for your awareness; no action is required from you. If you have any questions or require further assistance regarding this change, please reach out to our support team.</p>

## Further reading
