---
title: MC681240 - Adaptive Protection in Microsoft Purview - Public preview of HR resignation date as a condition for risk level
description: Adaptive Protection in Microsoft Purview - Public preview of HR resignation date as a condition for risk level
slug: MC681240
sidebar:
    label: MC681240
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Oct 13, 2023 |  | Oct 13, 2023 |

EndDateTime: Mar 15, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 suite

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>Coming soon, Adaptive Protection in Microsoft Purview will be rolling out public preview of HR resignation date as a condition for risk level.</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=124972" target="_blank">124972</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>Rollout will begin at the end of November and is expected to be complete by mid-December.</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>When the HR connector has been configured, admins with appropriate permissions can now select the HR resignation date as a condition to assign a minor, moderate, or elevated risk level. For example, an admin can configure the elevated risk level to be assigned when an HR resignation date is sent via the HR connector.&nbsp;</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>No action is required for this update. To configure user’s risk level for Adaptive Protection, admins can visit Insider Risk Management &gt; Adaptive Protection (preview) &gt; risk levels for Adaptive Protection.</p><p>Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management correlates various signals to identify potential malicious or inadvertent insider risks, such as IP theft, data leakage, and security violations. Insider Risk Management enables customers to create policies based on their own internal policies, governance, and organizational requirements. Built with privacy by design, users are pseudonymized by default, and role-based access controls and audit logs are in place to help ensure user-level privacy.</p><p>You can access the Insider Risk Management solution in the <a href="https://purview.microsoft.com/compliance" target="_blank">Microsoft Purview compliance portal.</a></p><p>Learn more: Help dynamically mitigate risks with <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/insider-risk-management-adaptive-protection#risk-levels" target="_blank">Adaptive Protection (preview) | Microsoft Learn</a></p><p><br></p>

## Further reading
