---
title: MC683928 - (Updated) Microsoft Teams - In-meeting Error Messaging
description: (Updated) Microsoft Teams - In-meeting Error Messaging
slug: MC683928
sidebar:
    label: MC683928
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Oct 25, 2023 |  | Feb 26, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 29, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated February 25, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Microsoft Teams Meeting users will be notified directly through the error message on meeting right pane for why they cannot access meeting chats when their chat access is limited by policy or due to system limitations and unexpected errors.<br></p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=167211" target="_blank">167211</a></p><p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Targeted Release: We will begin rolling out mid-November and expect to complete by late November.</p><p>Worldwide: We will begin rolling out early December and expect to complete by mid-December.</p><p>GCC: We will begin rolling out early January and expect to complete by mid-January.</p><p>GCC High: We will begin rolling out mid-January and expect to complete by late January.<br>DoD: We will begin rolling out early February and expect to complete by mid-March 2024 (previously mid-February).</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>Once available, users will begin to understand why they cannot access certain chats during meetings.</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p><p>There is no action needed to prepare for this change.</p>

## Further reading
