---
title: MC683929 - (Updated) Workflows within Microsoft Teams chats menu
description: (Updated) Workflows within Microsoft Teams chats menu
slug: MC683929
sidebar:
    label: MC683929
---


Last updated: 

<p style="">Updated February 2, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Microsoft Teams will be bringing workflows powered by Power Automate into the overflow menu for chats.&nbsp;<br></p><p>To make sure Microsoft Teams provides the best workflow experience for our users we are making it easier to configure workflows for chats. From the list of chats users will be able to go into the overflow menu for a specific chat (...) and select "Workflows". Here they will see a list of workflow templates specific to chats within Teams. Users can then configure these templates to their needs and deploy them to the chat.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=180364" target="_blank">180364</a></p>
<p>[When this will happen:]</p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out mid-November and expect to complete by mid-February 2024 (previously late January).</p>

<p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p>

<p>If the Power Automate app is disabled in Teams Admin Center, users will not see this option within the overflow menu.<br>This feature will only be available within the New Teams client.</p>
<p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p>
<p>Consider bringing awareness to your users about this change if your users use workflows so they know where to find the new entry point.&nbsp;</p>

## Further reading
