---
title: MC681251 - (Updated) Loop components in Channels and Loop Embed Mode in Teams
description: (Updated) Loop components in Channels and Loop Embed Mode in Teams
slug: MC681251
sidebar:
    label: MC681251
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Oct 13, 2023 |  | Jan 05, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Mar 04, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: True

Tags: Updated message New feature User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>Updated January 5, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>Loop in Channels: Collaborative Loop components that you love from Teams chats are coming to channels! Users can create, share, and edit components to collaborate synchronously and asynchronously on ideas without leaving the context of their conversation. You can now copy and paste Loop components between channels, chats, Outlook emails, and other supported Microsoft 365 apps. No matter where people are collaborating the Loop, the component will always show the latest updates. 
</p><p>You can create a new Loop component in a Post or Reply by composing a message and clicking "Collaborate with Loop". Loop components created in Teams channels are stored in the channel's SharePoint site allowing people in the channel to access the component and making the component easy to find later. If a component is created and sent within the channel, you can access it in the Files tab. If a component is pasted and sent within the channel, you can access it from within the Microsoft 365 ecosystem (ex. OneDrive, Office.com, etc).
</p><p>Scope of Release: 
</p><ul><li>Loop in Channel will be available in all channel types - standard, private, shared. Users external to an organization will not be able to view or edit the Loop component. 
</li><li>We are supporting viewing a Loop in Channels in iOS and iPadOS, but not Android at this time - users will see a link and be able to open in Web. You are able to create Loop components in Channels from Desktop or Web, but not mobile.
</li></ul><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID: <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=&amp;searchterms=123491" target="_blank">123491</a>
</p><p>
</p><p><b>When this will happen:</b>
</p><p>Targeted Release: We will begin rolling out in November.
</p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out late November 2023 and expect to complete by late January 2024 (previously late December).
</p><p>
</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b>
</p><p>This will automatically be rolled out to your tenant. Users will have this new way to collaborate more seamlessly within Teams. 
</p><p>
</p><p><b>Note:</b> If your organization has previously <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/loop/loop-workspaces-configuration?view=o365-worldwide#settings-management-in-cloud-policy" target="_blank">disabled Loop components</a>, those settings will be honored.<br></p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b><br></p><p>You may consider updating your training and documentation as appropriate.</p>

## Further reading
