---
title: MC687844 - (Updated) Data Loss Prevention for endpoints - support for two new predicates
description: (Updated) Data Loss Prevention for endpoints - support for two new predicates
slug: MC687844
sidebar:
    label: MC687844
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Nov 07, 2023 |  | Jan 30, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Jun 03, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 suite

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated January 30, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Users may have been unable to download files from various web apps using any web browser. We have disabled this feature temporarily.&nbsp;</p><p style="">With this new feature for Microsoft Purview Data Loss Prevention (DLP), we're introducing support for two new conditions that you can use in your policies for endpoint devices.</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=181623" target="_blank">181623</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Rollout will begin in early April 2024 and is expected to be complete by the first week of May 2024.</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>With this capability, your Microsoft Purview Data Loss Prevention (DLP) policies will be able to detect and monitor egress actions for documents that match defined custom properties, and document names that match configured words or phrases on Windows endpoint devices.  
</p><p>The two new predicates are:
</p><ul><li>Document Property is: Detects documents with custom properties matching the specified values.
</li><li>Document Name contains words or phrases: Detects documents where the file name contains any of the words or phrases you specify.</li></ul><p>As part of your DLP Policy definition, you can leverage these conditions across supported/applicable workloads. For e.g. You can extend the above-mentioned two conditions which are already available in DLP for Exchange and scope it to your endpoint devices as part of your policies and rules, thereby enhancing your protection across your digital estate.</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>Get started with Data Loss Prevention in the <a href="https://compliance.microsoft.com/" target="_blank">Microsoft Purview compliance portal.</a></p><p> 
</p><p>Learn more: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/dlp-policy-reference?view=o365-worldwide#conditions-devices-supports" target="_blank">Using Endpoint DLP</a></p>

## Further reading
