---
title: MC682084 - (Updated) Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management - Public preview of administrative units support
description: (Updated) Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management - Public preview of administrative units support
slug: MC682084
sidebar:
    label: MC682084
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Oct 17, 2023 |  | Jan 24, 2024 |

EndDateTime: May 20, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 suite

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated January 24, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Coming soon, Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management will be rolling out public preview of administrative units&nbsp;support.</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=171717" target="_blank">171717</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>Rollout will begin early March 2024 (previously mid-January) and is expected to be completed by early April 2024 (previously mid-February).&nbsp;</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>Administrative units allow admins with appropriate permissions to subdivide the organization into smaller units, and then assign specific admins or role groups that can manage only the members of those units. For example, German administrators can only create/manage policies for only German users, and German investigators can only investigate alerts and activities from only German users.</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>Admins can configure administrative units in Azure by adding users and groups to new or existing administrative units. Admins can then assign these administrative units to solution admins or members of Insider Risk Management role groups from the permissions area of Microsoft Purview compliance portal. After the configuration, when these restricted administrators create or edit policies that support administrative units, they can select only the users in those administrative units as part of the policy.</p><p>Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management correlates various signals to identify potential malicious or inadvertent insider risks, such as IP theft, data leakage, and security violations. Insider Risk Management enables customers to create policies based on their own internal policies, governance, and organizational requirements. Built with privacy by design, users are pseudonymized by default, and role-based access controls and audit logs are in place to help ensure user-level privacy.</p><p>You can access the Insider Risk Management solution in the Microsoft Purview compliance portal.</p><p> 
</p><p>Learn more: Permissions in the <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/insider-risk-management-activities?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">Microsoft Purview compliance&nbsp;</a><font color="#337ab7">portal |</font>&nbsp;<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/microsoft-365-compliance-center-permissions#administrative-units-support-in-microsoft-purview" target="_blank">Microsoft Learn&nbsp;</a></p>

## Further reading
