---
title: MC688109 - (Updated) Co-organizer experience updates in Teams Webinars and Townhalls
description: (Updated) Co-organizer experience updates in Teams Webinars and Townhalls
slug: MC688109
sidebar:
    label: MC688109
---


Last updated: 

<p>Updated February 16, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>Scheduling, setting up, and managing an event is not a simple task. Which is why we allow co-organizer to be added to the event so they can work alongside or on behalf of the organizer. So far co-organizers were able to set up event theming, manage registration, meeting options, view reports and more but were not able to edit event details like title, date/time, description, event group; nor publish or cancel event. Now they can! Co-organizer can edit event details, publish, and cancel the event like the organizer can. So once the co-organizer is added they will have full parity of experience as organizer and control/manage/edit event.&nbsp;</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=168524" target="_blank">168524</a></p><p>[When this will happen:]</p><p>Targeted release: We will begin rolling out mid-April (previously late March) and expect to complete by late April 2024 (previously early April).</p><p>Standard release: We will begin rolling out late April 2024 (previously early April) and expect to complete by early May 2024 (previously mid-April).<br></p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p><p>When co-organizer opens the event scheduling page, they should have the ability to edit the details page, publish, and cancel the event.&nbsp;</p><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p><p>Nothing required to prepare.</p>

## Further reading
