---
title: MC689496 - (Updated) Microsoft Teams - Meeting chat invitations from unmanaged users
description: (Updated) Microsoft Teams - Meeting chat invitations from unmanaged users
slug: MC689496
sidebar:
    label: MC689496
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Nov 14, 2023 |  | Dec 14, 2023 |

EndDateTime: Mar 01, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message Feature update User impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: 

<p>Updated December 13, 2023: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>When using external access for Teams, users receiving a meeting chat invitation from an unmanaged Teams user will be prompted with the option to acknowledge or leave the meeting chat.</p><p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out early December 2023 and expect to complete by late January 2024 (previously late December).</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p><p>There are no admin controls related to this feature. Users will see an invitation screen when added to a meeting chat by an external unmanaged Teams user. At this point, they can choose to acknowledge the invitation or leave the meeting chat. Users continue to have the option to block and unblock external unmanaged Teams users.</p><p>Users will not see this update if external access with unmanaged Teams users is disabled or if incoming chats from unmanaged Teams users are disabled.</p><p>Review <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/trusted-organizations-external-meetings-chat?tabs=organization-settings#manage-contact-with-external-teams-users-not-managed-by-an-organization" target="_blank">this doc </a>to understand external access settings with unmanaged Teams users.</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p><p>If external access with unmanaged Teams users is enabled, consider notifying your users of this update.</p>

## Further reading
