---
title: MC687846 - (Updated) New Microsoft Defender Antivirus services on Windows Devices
description: (Updated) New Microsoft Defender Antivirus services on Windows Devices
slug: MC687846
sidebar:
    label: MC687846
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Nov 07, 2023 |  | Jan 12, 2024 |

EndDateTime: May 13, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Defender XDR

Details: 

<p>Updated January 9, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline and content below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>Microsoft Defender Antivirus on Windows 10 and Windows 11 will be shipping with a new service: 
</p><ul><li>Microsoft Defender Core service.</li></ul><p><b>When this will happen:</b><br></p><p>Preview: Nov ‘23 to Beta channel (Prerelease).</p><p>For Standard: We will roll out to all rings (Current Channel (Preview), Current Channel (Staged) and Current Channel (Broad)) during the week of March 11th, 2024.
</p><p>For GCC Moderate, GCC High and DOD: We will roll out to all rings (Current Channel (Preview), Current Channel (Staged) and Current Channel (Broad)) during the week of April 8th, 2024.</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p><p>To enhance your endpoint security experience, we are shipping the Microsoft Defender Core service which will help with stability and performance of Microsoft Defender Antivirus. 
</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b>
</p><ol><li>Update the Platform Update to the latest version 4.18.23110.0 or newer</li><li>Allow the following URL’s:<ul><li>Commercial:
<ul><li>*.events.data.microsoft.com 
</li><li>*.endpoint.security.microsoft.com 
</li><li>*.ecs.office.com 
</li></ul></li><li>For US Gov, the ECS URL’s are:
<ul><li>GCC Mod: *.gccmod.ecs.office.com 
</li><li>GCC High:  *.config.ecs.gov.teams.microsoft.us
</li><li>DOD: *.config.ecs.dod.teams.microsoft.us
</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>If using an Application Control application or running a 3rd party AV and/or EDR, add the following process to the allowed list. 
<ul><li>Microsoft Defender Core Service – MdCoreSvc - MpDefenderCoreService.exe
</li></ul></li></ol><p><br></p><p> 
</p>

## Further reading
