---
title: MC681242 - (Updated) Microsoft Purview – General availability of Power Automate integration with records management
description: (Updated) Microsoft Purview – General availability of Power Automate integration with records management
slug: MC681242
sidebar:
    label: MC681242
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Oct 13, 2023 |  | Jan 24, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Mar 18, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 suite

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated January 24, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">To provide greater process flexibility, we have integrated Microsoft Purview Records Management with Power Automate. We provide the actions ‘Apply a retention label on the item’, ‘Relabel an item at the end of retention’, ‘Delete an item at the end of retention’, and ‘Trigger a new instance of the flow if an item can't be located’ in Microsoft 365 Compliance connector to unlock more scenarios on this integration. Compliance administrators will now be able to create retention labels and choose a Power Automate flow to run when an item labeled with it expires in SharePoint, OneDrive, and Exchange. This capability is currently available in public preview.</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=88816" target="_blank">88816</a>&nbsp;and <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=117424" target="_blank">117424</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>This feature will be Generally Available beginning mid-October 2023 and expect to complete by mid-February 2024 (previously mid-January).</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>With this feature, Records Management administrators in your organization will have the ability to execute custom workflows they have created in Power Automate after the contents in SharePoint, OneDrive, and Exchange reach the end of their retention period.   
</p><p>Retention labels that are already created in Records Management will remain unaffected by this. There are no changes to the retention settings in the retention label creation wizard. In addition to the current label actions in the retention label creation wizard, administrators will have the ability to select a pre-existing flow from the Power Automate solution to be triggered after the retention period expires.</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>There is nothing you need to do to receive this feature. You may consider updating any training or reference material for your Records Management administrators and evaluate if you would like to use this new capability.&nbsp;</p>

## Further reading
