---
title: MC695747 - (Updated) Microsoft Teams - Configure Maintenance window on Teams admin center for Android-based Teams devices
description: (Updated) Microsoft Teams - Configure Maintenance window on Teams admin center for Android-based Teams devices
slug: MC695747
sidebar:
    label: MC695747
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Dec 06, 2023 |  | Jan 12, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 01, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated January 12, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.&nbsp;</p><p style="">With this feature, Teams device administrators will be able to configure maintenance windows for their Android-based Teams devices. This includes Teams Phones, Displays, Panels, and Teams Rooms on Android. This maintenance window will be used to carry out any automatic operation on the device including automatic updates.<br></p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=163600" target="_blank">163600</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out in late January 2024 (previously early January) and complete the rollout by late February 2024 (previously late January).</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>Maintenance window will be a configurable setting for all Android-based Teams devices, including Teams Phones, Teams panels, Teams Rooms on Android, and Teams displays.
</p><p>Administrators can edit this setting through Configuration profiles that are assigned to the devices. Configuration profiles can be created and edited from <i style="">Teams admin center</i>&nbsp;-&gt; <i style="">Device list page</i> (Teams Phones, displays, panels, Teams Rooms on Android) -&gt; <i>Configuration profile</i> &gt; <i style="">Add</i> or <i>Edit </i>an existing profile.
</p><p>Details for maintenance window:
</p><ul><li>Maintenance window has two components: Time window and update frequency.</li><li>Time window has a Start time and an End time which can be edited. This will determine the period during which the automatic operations can happen for the device.</li><li>Administrators can select the appropriate start and end time by selecting the preferred options from the menu. The menu will have time options at an interval of 30 minutes in a 24-hour format.<ul><li>A minimum time window of 3 hours must be selected.</li></ul></li><li>Default time window:<ul><li>Start time = 01:00</li><li>End time = 04:00<br></li></ul></li><li>The time window will be applicable in the local time zone of the device.</li><li>The update frequency determines the days on which an update can take place on the device. Administrators can select 1 or more days.<ul><li>Default update frequency - Sunday<br></li></ul></li><li>Update frequency selection will be utilized together with the Time window that is specified. Therefore, if automatic updates happen, they will take place only on the selected days for update frequency and within the time window.</li></ul><p>Once the administrator has selected their preferred maintenance window, they can save the profile. If it is a new profile, they can then assign it to devices. If it is an existing profile already assigned to the devices, the profile will get automatically re-applied to those devices after saving.</p><p>Administrators can view the configured maintenance window on the device page under the <i>Details </i>tab. Additionally, it can be viewed on the <i>Update status</i> panel under <i>Automatic updates</i>.</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>Administrators will not need to do anything to prepare for the changes to take effect. Once the feature is available, administrators can configure the setting according to their requirement. If not configured, the default values will be in effect. All automatic operations will happen within the maintenance window of the device.</p>

## Further reading
