---
title: MC692021 - (Updated) Microsoft Teams - Teams app on Teams Rooms on Android and paired Touch Consoles to be updated in sync
description: (Updated) Microsoft Teams - Teams app on Teams Rooms on Android and paired Touch Consoles to be updated in sync
slug: MC692021
sidebar:
    label: MC692021
---


Last updated: 

<p>Updated February 2, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>With this feature, the Teams app updates will happen in sync for Microsoft Teams Rooms (Android) and their paired touch consoles. This will be applicable for both manual and automatic updates done from Teams admin center.</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=174344" target="_blank">174344</a></p><p>[When this will happen:]</p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out early December 2023 and expect to complete by mid-February 2024 (previously late January).</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p><p>When this feature is rolled out to Teams admin center, the Teams app updates done for paired Microsoft Teams Rooms - Android (MTRoA) and their paired touch consoles will happen in sync. This feature is aimed at reducing efforts for admins and keeping the devices on same versions for a streamlined Teams experience.
</p><p>For manual updates: 
</p><ul><li>Currently, Teams device administrators have to schedule Teams app updates separately for MTRoA and touch consoles even if they are paired. 
</li><li>With this feature, whenever an update is being done for an MTRoA or a Touch console, the paired device will also be updated.
</li></ul><p>For automatic updates:
</p><ul><li>Automatic updates for MTRoA and their paired consoles will also happen in sync. 
</li><li>Automatic updates rollout according to the timeline dictated by the Update phases. Touch consoles will be updated according to the update phase of their paired MTRoA. So, there will be no impact if both devices are in the same phase. If they are in different phases, the MTRoA phase will take precedence.</li></ul><p>Conditions for updates to happen together:</p><ul></ul><ul><li>If MTRoA and the paired touch console(s) are on the same version and have an update available, they will both be updated in sync when one of them is updated.</li><li>If MTRoA and the paired touch console(s)are on different versions:</li><ul><li> Manual updates: Administrators should ensure that the device(s) on the lower version are brought to parity for the devices to be updated in sync to the new version.</li><li>Automatic updates: The device(s) on the lower version will be first brought to parity automatically. Once the devices are on the same version, they will be updated to the new version together. In this scenario, the move to the new version may be delayed as the parity updates will happen first. This will be done to minimize conflicts between MTRoA and the paired console(s).</li></ul></ul><p>Tracking update status: 
</p><ul><li>Administrators can track the status of these update operations from the 'History' section in the device page. Details for each operation will be shown in the relevant row, including if the operation was carried out for a paired device. Additional details for the operation are available on selecting the operation status.</li></ul><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p><p>The administrators will not need to do anything to prepare. The changes will take effect automatically. The feature will have impact only when the Teams app is updated for MTRoA devices or touch consoles, either by the administrators or through automatic updates. 
</p><p>If the organization does not have any MTRoA devices in their inventory, they will not be impacted by this feature.</p>

## Further reading
