---
title: MC696861 - Immersive Spaces for Teams Service Plan Update
description: Immersive Spaces for Teams Service Plan Update
slug: MC696861
sidebar:
    label: MC696861
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Dec 08, 2023 |  | Dec 08, 2023 |

EndDateTime: Feb 29, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 suite Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>You will soon see a new service plan associated with your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 license: Immersive spaces in Teams.<br></p><p><b>When this will happen:</b>
</p><p>Late January 2024: Service plan rollout will begin mid-January and is expected to be complete by end of January.</p><p>Late February 2024: The Mesh policy found in the <a href="https://config.office.com/" target="_blank">M365 Apps Admin Cente</a>r used to manage the Mesh app on Meta Quest VR devices, including the immersive spaces, will no longer be available. You can instead reference <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/meeting-immersive-spaces" target="_blank">Set up immersive spaces for Teams | Microsoft Learn</a> on how to manage immersive spaces using its service plan.</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b>
</p><p>A new service plan, Immersive spaces for Teams (MESH_IMMERSIVE_FOR_TEAMS), will be added to these licenses: Teams Essentials, Microsoft 365 Business Basic, Microsoft 365 Business Standard, Microsoft 365 Business Premium, Microsoft 365 E3/E5, and Office 365 E1/E3/E5. 
</p><p>This service plan enables immersive spaces in Teams meetings, where users can go to the View menu in a Teams meeting and select the immersive space option. With just a click, users can transform your two-dimensional (2D) meeting into a 3D immersive experience. The service plan will also enable immersive spaces experiences in the Mesh app for Meta Quest VR devices. Read more about it here: <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/mesh" target="_blank">Microsoft Mesh | Connect like never before</a>.
</p><p>The immersive spaces service plan provides more granular management controls to enable or disable Mesh experiences for specific users or groups. As a result, the previous Mesh policy found in the M365 Apps Admin Center used to manage experiences like the Mesh app on Meta Quest VR devices will no longer be available. Access to immersive spaces experiences will instead be based on selections made with the immersive spaces service plan, as well as app permission policies configured in the Teams Admin Center, as documented in <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/meeting-immersive-spaces" target="_blank">Set up immersive spaces for Teams | Microsoft Learn</a>. 
</p><p>Note: Your users must enter into a separate agreement directly with Microsoft to enable spatial audio for Mesh experiences, including immersive spaces in Teams. That agreement is presented to your users before the user’s first use of Mesh. If a user does not wish to enter into that agreement, the user cannot use Mesh. For more information on the agreement presented to users see: Set up <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mesh/setup/content/setup-m365-mesh" target="_blank">Microsoft Mesh | Microsoft Learn</a>.</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b>
</p><p>If you had previously restricted immersive spaces access in the Mesh app for Meta Quest VR devices via the Mesh policy found in the <a href="https://config.office.com/" target="_blank">M365 Apps Admin Center</a>, you will need to switch to restricting access via the immersive spaces service plan instead. You can reference <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/meeting-immersive-spaces" target="_blank">Set up immersive spaces for Teams | Microsoft Learn</a> for more information on how to manage immersive spaces using its service plan. 
</p><p>Note - if the Immersive spaces for Teams Service plan is set to enabled, but an Admin has disabled the Mesh app via the Teams Admin Center, end users will not have access to immersive spaces in Teams. Both the Service plan and the Teams Admin Center app settings need to be enabled for Immersive spaces to work within your organization. Please refer to this guide to enable/disable the Mesh Immersive spaces app for your organization: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/meeting-immersive-spaces" target="_blank">Set up immersive spaces for Teams - Microsoft Teams | Microsoft Learn</a></p>

## Further reading
