---
title: MC690606 - (Updated) Stream video recordings in Outlook
description: (Updated) Stream video recordings in Outlook
slug: MC690606
sidebar:
    label: MC690606
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Nov 17, 2023 |  | Feb 16, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Jun 24, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature

Service: Exchange Online Microsoft 365 for the web Microsoft 365 apps

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated February 16, 2024: We have updated the content to provide additional information below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">We're introducing the ability to record and insert Stream video recordings in Outlook on the web and the new Outlook for Windows.&nbsp;<br></p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=185369" target="_blank">185369</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling in mid-February 2024 (previously mid-January) and expect to complete by mid-May 2024 (previously mid-April).</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>Soon you will be able to record a video of yourself, your screen or both, directly from Outlook and insert the recording in your email.</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>A new policy controls the ability to record Stream videos, including webcam and screen recordings, within supported applications.</p><p>The policy specifically applies to Outlook on the Web, the new Outlook for Windows, and the Loop application.</p><p>If you enable or do not configure this policy setting, users can record themselves and/or their screen, enabling them to create Stream videos within the supported Microsoft 365 applications.
</p><p>If you disable this policy setting, users can’t record and create Stream videos within the supported Microsoft 365 applications.
</p><p><b>Note:</b> This policy setting is exclusive to Outlook on the Web, the new Outlook for Windows, and the Loop application. It does not apply to the Stream Web Application.</p><p>
</p><p>Review:</p><ul><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/outlook/troubleshoot/message-body/embed-playback-videos-in-outlook-and-loop" target="_blank">Embed and play back videos in Outlook and Loop</a></li></ul><p> 
</p><p> 
</p><p> 
</p>

## Further reading
