---
title: MC694119 - (Updated) Community Campaigns in Viva Engage
description: (Updated) Community Campaigns in Viva Engage
slug: MC694119
sidebar:
    label: MC694119
---


Last updated: 

<p style="">Updated January 12, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Introducing community campaigns to boost engagement within your community. Now, community admins can easily create campaigns directly within the community. Simply locate the campaign's right rail, click the plus button, and fill in campaign details like #hashtag, description, and default publisher in the pop-up.&nbsp;<br></p><p>Campaigns start as drafts, allowing admins to upload cover photos, set goals, and pin links before hitting the publish button. Admins and regular users can view all community campaigns by clicking "View all campaigns" in the right rail.&nbsp;</p><p>Community members are automatically followers of the campaign, and using the community campaign hashtag in posts will display them in the campaign's feed. Conveniently, when typing "#" in the community, a dropdown suggests relevant community campaigns.&nbsp;</p>

<p>[When this will happen:]<br></p>

<p>We expect to begin rolling out in mid-January 2024 (previously early January) and expect to complete by early February 2024 (previously late January).&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>

<p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p>

<p>Community admins will be able to create campaigns for their communities. Users will be able to be more engaged with their communities by being a participant in the campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp;<br></p>
<p>[What you need to do to prepare:]<br></p>
<p>To be aware of this new type of campaign. You may consider updating your training and documentation as appropriate.</p>

## Further reading
