---
title: MC698826 - (Updated) Viva Engage Network Analytics
description: (Updated) Viva Engage Network Analytics
slug: MC698826
sidebar:
    label: MC698826
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Dec 16, 2023 |  | Jan 19, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Oct 28, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Viva

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated January 19, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Network analytics is coming to Viva Engage! In mid-January, admins and corporate communicators will be able to monitor organization-wide engagement via the network analytics dashboard. Additionally, a new control will be available on your Viva Engage admin dashboard in the Analytics and AI section that will enable you to activate summarization and theme extraction for your network with Microsoft Responsible AI protections, to assist users as they access network-wide data about employee engagement on the platform.</p><p style=""><b>Note: </b>This feature is available only to customers with a Viva Suite or Viva Employee Communications and Communities license.</p><p style="">This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=&amp;searchterms=168623" target="_blank">168623</a>
</p><p style=""><b>When this will happen:</b> 
</p><p style="">Standard Release: Network analytics is planned to be generally available in mid-February 2024 (previously mid-January), but the summarization component will remain in preview until Spring 2024.<br></p><p style=""><b>How this will affect your organization:</b> 
</p><p style="">Admins and corporate communicators will be able to access network-wide analytics. This provides an at-a-glance overview of your organization’s top usage trends including employee sentiment, cross-community insights and AI-powered summarization to help you stay-up-to-date with all the activity that occurs within your company. A control will be available in your Viva Engage Admin Dashboard, in the Analytics and AI section that enables admins to turn on AI-powered summarization for their network.<br></p><p style=""><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b> 
</p><p style="">Aside from turning on the admin controls, no action is required to make the feature available for use.</p>

## Further reading
