---
title: MC694130 - (Updated) Specific People Link Support for Collaborative Notes
description: (Updated) Specific People Link Support for Collaborative Notes
slug: MC694130
sidebar:
    label: MC694130
---


Last updated: 

<p>Updated January 19, 2024: We have updated the content below with additional information. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>With the launch of Collaborative Notes, we’re also improving the shareable link type that is created by Collaborative Notes to help make meetings more effective and secure. The new Collaborative Notes file will now support a Specific people link which offers more controlled access than People in your organization link. This change will automatically align the Collaborative Notes file link type with <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/change-default-sharing-link" target="_blank">customer's default setup</a>. Customers who previously had Collaborative Notes disabled due to lack of People in your organization link support can now enable and use the feature.</p><p><b>Note: </b>The user will have access to notes if notes were created after the user was nudged. If notes pre-existed, then the user must request access.</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=&amp;searchterms=167328" target="_blank" style="">167328</a></p><p>[When this will happen:]</p><p>Targeted Release: We will begin rolling out late January 2024 and expect to complete rollout by late February 2024.
</p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out late February 2024 and expect to complete rollout by late March 2024.</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p><p>If your tenant default is Specific people link, using Collaborative notes will now generate a Specific people link-type link. Existing notes in People in your organization link will not be converted to Specific people link. Any new notes created will be Specific people link only if the scope of the tenant is Specific people link. If notes were created for a recurring series prior to Specific people link rolling out, those meetings continue to generate People in your organization link links.</p><p>Although Collaborative Notes will generate a Specific people link-type link, external access and sharing aren’t supported.</p><table>
  <tbody><tr>
       <th>Link Type</th>
    <th>Collaborative Notes Permissions</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Current: People in your organization link</td><td>Anyone in the organization will have access to Collaborative Notes.</td></tr><tr><td>New: Specific people link<br></td><td>This option is more restrictive and impedes broad internal sharing. Limitation: If you join a meeting with over 100 attendees, users will see a button to request access to notes.</td>
  </tr>

</tbody></table>


<p><br></p><p>Admins who disabled Collaborative Notes due to lack of Specific people link support can enable the feature via SharePoint PowerShell with:  
</p><p><code>Set-SPOTenant -IsCollabMeetingNotesFluidEnabled (boolean)</code>
</p><p>You can read more here:</p><ul><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/sharepoint/shareable-links-anyone-specific-people-organization" target="_blank">How shareable links work in OneDrive and SharePoint in Microsoft 365</a>&nbsp;</li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/sharepoint/manage-loop-components#settings-management-for-loop-functionality-in-teams" target="_blank">Manage Loop experiences (Loop app and Loop components) in SharePoint</a>.</li></ul>

## Further reading
