---
title: MC690598 - (Updated) Announcing the general availability of new Teams on web for Edge and Chrome
description: (Updated) Announcing the general availability of new Teams on web for Edge and Chrome
slug: MC690598
sidebar:
    label: MC690598
---


Last updated: 

<p>Updated January 2, 2024: Further clarity on the timeline for users receiving New Teams for Web by default on Microsoft Edge and Chrome has been added to <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/new-teams-web" target="_blank">New Teams for Web - Overview and prerequisites</a>.&nbsp;</p><p>Today, we’re announcing the general availability of new Teams on web for Edge and Chrome.</p>
<p>How this will benefit your organization:</p><ul><li>Our goal for the new Teams web app is bring a near-identical experience to our new Teams desktop app. Both the new Teams web client and desktop clients share the same underlying infrastructure built to improve load times, improve channel and chat switches, and reduce memory usage. 
</li><li>Visit this <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-desktop-admin" target="_blank">page</a> to learn more about what’s currently available, known issues, and the overall schedule for new Teams.
</li><li><b>Note</b>: Not all customer segments (Education) will receive this update at this time.</li></ul>
<p>[When will this happen:]<br></p><p>New Teams on web begins rolling out today.</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]<br></p><ul><li style="line-height: 1.4;">Beginning today, web users on Edge and Chrome will see the same <i>Try the new Teams</i> toggle as desktop users, except the web experience requires no additional download or installation.</li><li style="line-height: 1.4;">For approximately eight weeks following this rollout, web users on Edge and Chrome will be defaulted to classic Teams on Web where they will see the <i>Try the new Teams </i>toggle even if Administrators have set ‘New Teams as default’ as their <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-deploy-using-policies?tabs=teams-admin-center" target="_blank">Teams update policy</a>. <br>After this period completes in January, Teams web on Edge and Chrome will align with the overall schedule, detailed on this <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-desktop-admin#when-will-the-new-teams-become-the-default-client" target="_blank">page</a>, and will respect ‘New Teams as default’ for administrators who have selected that policy.&nbsp;</li><li style="line-height: 1.4;"><b>Note:</b> Administrators who have the <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-deploy-using-policies?tabs=teams-admin-center" target="_blank">Teams update policy</a> set to 'Not enabled' will <b><i>not</i></b> receive the <i>Try the new Teams</i> toggle along with their users.<br>For a better experience, we suggest choosing 'New Teams as default' or 'Microsoft controlled'.</li><li style="line-height: 1.4;">We will soon begin making new Teams on web the default experience for all Teams on web users based on our schedule which is detailed on this <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-desktop-admin#when-will-the-new-teams-become-the-default-client" target="_blank">page</a>. Read the message center post MC617066 to learn about the rollout schedule and new rollout controls. Read the message center post MC661241 and <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-desktop-admin#when-will-the-new-teams-become-the-default-client" target="_blank">blog</a> to learn how you can deploy new Teams in your organization.
</li></ul><p>[What you can do to prepare:]</p><p>Visit the <a href="https://aka.ms/NewTeamsWebSupport" target="_blank">support article</a> or <a href="https://aka.ms/NewTeams" target="_blank">download resources</a> to learn how to get started with the new Teams experience.</p>

## Further reading
