---
title: MC695748 - Clipchamp Premium features & allowing users to request a license
description: Clipchamp Premium features & allowing users to request a license
slug: MC695748
sidebar:
    label: MC695748
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Dec 06, 2023 |  | Dec 06, 2023 |

EndDateTime: Mar 11, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: New feature User impact Admin impact

Service: SharePoint Online

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Clipchamp Premium features help users take their content to the next level. With Clipchamp Premium, users can easily apply brand fonts, colors and logos with a brand kit, add top-tier assets for commercial use, and export crisp, well-defined visuals as 4K, 30fps, MP4 files.&nbsp;</p><p style="">Clipchamp Premium features will be available as an add-on to the following Microsoft 365 SKUs: Microsoft 365 E3, Microsoft 365 E5, Microsoft 365 Business Standard, and Microsoft 365 Business Premium. With the release of Clipchamp Premium users will have the ability to request a license and admins will be able to manage requests through the standard Microsoft 365 admin center interface.</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=187079" target="_blank">187079</a></p><p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Targeted Release: We will begin rolling out in early December 2023 and expect to complete by late December 2023.</p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out in early January 2024 and expect to complete by early February 2024.</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p><p>The new license request functionality will enable users to request a Clipchamp Premium license from inside the Clipchamp app. These license requests will be highlighted in the Microsoft Admin Center, where you will be able to easily approve or deny the requests from a centralized place. Users must have access to Clipchamp in order to request a Clipchamp Premium Add-On license.&nbsp;</p><p>To learn more about managing license requests see: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/commerce/licenses/manage-license-requests?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">Manage self-service license requests in the Microsoft 365 admin center.</a>&nbsp;</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p><p>You may consider updating your training and documentation as appropriate.</p>

## Further reading
