---
title: MC699709 - (Updated) Expanded capabilities in the Microsoft Intune Suite
description: (Updated) Expanded capabilities in the Microsoft Intune Suite
slug: MC699709
sidebar:
    label: MC699709
---


Last updated: 

<p>Updated February 8, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>We are adding new solutions to the Intune Suite to further unify your advanced endpoint management solutions in one place. This includes adding three new solutions to the license for Intune Suite and offering these additional solutions as standalone add-ons to Microsoft 365 plans that include Intune.</p><p>Global and Billing administrators can add trial licenses or choose to purchase licenses from the centralized Intune Add-ons experience in the Intune admin center.</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p><p>If you have already purchased licenses for the Intune Suite, the following new solutions will be added to your service plan and start to roll out to tenants based on the following timeline (roll out may take a few days):</p><ul><li>Microsoft Intune Advanced Analytics – February 1, 2024&nbsp;</li><li>Microsoft Intune Enterprise Application Management – February 1, 2024 </li><li>Microsoft Cloud PKI – in the February release of Intune approximately March 2024</li></ul><p>These same solutions will be added to the Intune Add-ons page in the Intune admin center and available for use as standalone solutions, available for trial (up to 250 users for 90 days) or for purchase.</p><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p><p>If you have already purchased sufficient licenses of the Intune Suite to cover users with these additional solutions, no action is required. Once these new solutions roll out in Intune, they will be automatically added to your service plan for the Intune Suite.
</p><p>If you have not purchased licenses for the Intune Suite, the new add-ons and trial options for Advanced Analytics and Enterprise App Management will be available February 1, 2024 and Cloud PKI will be available on March 1, 2024.</p>

## Further reading
