---
title: MC692463 - (Updated) Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management - General availability of SharePoint site selection enhancement
description: (Updated) Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management - General availability of SharePoint site selection enhancement
slug: MC692463
sidebar:
    label: MC692463
---


Last updated: 

<p style="">Updated January 2, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management will be rolling out general availability of SharePoint site selection enhancement.<br></p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=169880" target="_blank">169880</a></p>
<p>[When this will happen:]</p>

<p>Rollout will begin mid-January 2024 (previously late November) and is expected to be complete by early February 2024 (previously mid-December).&nbsp;</p>

<p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p>

<p>With this update, Insider Risk Management admins can add any SharePoint sites as priority content or exclude certain SharePoint sites in Insider Risk Management policies by searching the site names or using the exact URLs.</p>
<p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p>
<p>You can add SharePoint sites to exclusion at insider risk settings &gt; intelligent detections.</p><p>You can add SharePoint sites to priority content at Policies &gt; create/ edit policy.</p><p>Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management correlates various signals to identify potential malicious or inadvertent insider risks, such as IP theft, data leakage, and security violations. Insider Risk Management enables customers to create policies based on their own internal policies, governance, and organizational requirements. Built with privacy by design, users are pseudonymized by default, and role-based access controls and audit logs are in place to help ensure user-level privacy.</p><p>You can access the Insider Risk Management solution in the <a href="https://purview.microsoft.com/compliance" target="_blank">Microsoft Purview compliance portal</a>.&nbsp;</p><p>Learn more: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/insider-risk-management-settings" target="_blank">Learn about insider risk management settings | Microsoft Learn</a></p>

## Further reading
