---
title: MC696864 - (Updated) Send Viva Goals email notifications from your own domain
description: (Updated) Send Viva Goals email notifications from your own domain
slug: MC696864
sidebar:
    label: MC696864
---


Last updated: 

<p>Updated January 24, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>Email notifications from within Microsoft 365 are sent to users in various ways. Today, Viva Goals sends email notifications such as digest emails and sharing notifications from msft-viva-noreply@microsoft.com. Over the coming months, changes are coming for email senders. When users share goals from Viva Goals, these emails will be sent from the user. Emails such as digest emails that are generated by Viva Goals will support being sent from your domain if you have opted in to send email notifications from your domain in the Microsoft 365 admin center.&nbsp;<br></p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap IDs&nbsp;<a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=148471" target="_blank">148471</a>,&nbsp;<a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=117479" target="_blank">117479</a></p><p>[When this will happen:]</p><p>Support for this will be added in phases.&nbsp;</p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out late January 2024 (previously mid-January) and expect to complete by late April 2024 (previously late March).</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p><p>This is an opt-in feature.</p><p>Emails in which users share content with other users from Viva Goals will be sent from the user's mailbox.&nbsp;</p><p>If the tenant has opted in to configuring to send email notifications from your domain, system generated emails such as digest emails that come from a "no-reply" email address will change to use the domain you have selected.&nbsp;</p><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p><p>To prepare, you can review the steps outlined to&nbsp;<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/admin/email/select-domain-to-use-for-email-from-microsoft-365-products?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">opt in to selecting the domain to use for email from M365</a>.</p><p>If you have already opted in, no further action is required.</p>

## Further reading
