---
title: MC699713 - Reminder - Use Microsoft Teams to produce Yammer Live Events (Formerly Yammer live events)
description: Reminder - Use Microsoft Teams to produce Yammer Live Events (Formerly Yammer live events)
slug: MC699713
sidebar:
    label: MC699713
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Dec 19, 2023 |  | Dec 19, 2023 |

EndDateTime: Feb 28, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Stream Microsoft Viva

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>This is an important message for customers who use Stream to host live events in Viva Engage (formerly Yammer).
</p><p>We're reminding you that Stream live events will be retired on Jan 31, 2024.  Microsoft Teams live events, with encoder support is your new platform to host and run live events. 
</p><p>This message was originally sent on February 9, 2023, and then on August 30, 2023, in the Message Center post MC513603 titled “Use Microsoft Teams to produce Yammer live events”.
</p><p>Teams live events with encoder support is the replacement service to Stream live events. Teams live events allow you to create, host and produce live events with the same functionality that you get with Stream. It also supports Real-Time Messaging Protocol (RTMP) input, which lets you create highly polished events that feature combined live streams, screen overlays, on-screen data and more.
</p><p>You will be able to use Stream live events in Viva Engage until January 31, 2024, and after that live events must be produced using Teams live events. In January 2023, the Stream options to produce live events will be removed from Viva Engage.
</p><p>Just like with Stream live events, there are two ways in which you can use Teams live events to produce events in Viva Engage:
</p><p>Microsoft Teams QuickStart: Use the Microsoft Teams desktop client to produce your event, generally used in producing simple events.
</p><p>Microsoft Teams external app or device: Use this to produce large-scale events, such an executive town hall, where a single stream from a media mixer is broadcast to an audience.
</p><p>Once the live event is completed, the video, if recorded, is stored in the SharePoint library of the community where the event was produced.
</p><p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>The Stream live events options will be removed from your tenant on January 31, 2024.
</p><p>Viva Engage Community Managers will only be able to create live events only using the new Teams options. The Stream live events options will be removed.
</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p><p>Viva Engage Community Managers will see two new Teams options for creating Yammer Live Events above the existing Stream options.
</p><p>While the existing Stream options for producing live events will be shown on the Yammer event scheduling page, only users of tenants that have Stream live events provisioned will be able to use it.
</p><p>When will the Stream option for producing live events on Viva Engage retire?
</p><p>The Stream option for creating Yammer live events will be retired and removed from Viva Engage on January 31, 2024.
</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p><p>We recommend that you begin using the Teams live events to schedule and host live events.
</p><p>If your organization has Stream live events scheduled beyond January 31, 2024, please reschedule those events using Teams live events in Viva Engage. Any Stream live events scheduled after January 31, 2024, will be automatically removed.
</p><p>Please review the live events documentation:</p><ul><li>Organize a live event in Viva Engage using Teams live events: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/viva/engage/organize-live-event" target="_blank">Organize a Microsoft Teams powered live event in Viva Engage.</a></li><li>Stream live events replacement service: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/stream/live-event-retirement" target="_blank">Stream Live Events Replacement Service.</a></li></ul>

## Further reading
