---
title: MC694372 - (Updated) Preview enterprise secure AI controls in the Microsoft Edge management service
description: (Updated) Preview enterprise secure AI controls in the Microsoft Edge management service
slug: MC694372
sidebar:
    label: MC694372
---


Last updated: 

<p style="">Updated February 19, 2024: We have updated the content below with additional resources. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">The Microsoft Edge management service is a new, dedicated, and simplified management experience for Microsoft Edge in the Microsoft 365 admin center. Controls for enterprise secure Ai in the Edge management service is rolling out now for preview. This new feature allows IT admins to configure all AI-related policies in one single page, enhancing security for their users and devices.</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=186540" target="_blank">186540</a></p>
<p>[When this will happen:]</p>

<p>Preview: This is currently rolling out for preview and is expected to be complete by early December 2023.</p><p>Standard Release: This will begin rolling out in mid-March 2024 (previously mid-February) and complete rolling out by early April 2024 (previously early March).</p>

<p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p>

<p>This feature will provide a central location to manage all AI-related policies in the Microsoft Edge browser. Configuration for AI safety is easier without the need to look through all policy documentation and identify those that incorporate the use of AI. The Edge management service, where this feature is located, provides a simple and quick way to manage Microsoft Edge.</p>
<p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p>
<p>To manage enterprise secure AI controls in the Edge management service, you will need Global admin or Edge admin access. <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/assign-admin-roles?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">Go here</a> to learn how to assign admin roles in the Microsoft 365 admin center.
</p><p>To access the experience, go to the Microsoft 365 admin center &gt; Settings &gt; Microsoft Edge. This feature is currently only available for preview, which can be enable by going to the Microsoft 365 admin center &gt; Settings &gt; Org settings &gt; Organization profile &gt; Release preferences and opting into a targeted release.</p><p>More info:</p><ul><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/deployedge/microsoft-edge-management-service#manage-enterprise-secure-ai-settings" target="_blank">Manage enterprise secure AI settings</a></li></ul>
<p><br></p>

## Further reading
