---
title: MC697802 - Admin Center notifications when users start trials
description: Admin Center notifications when users start trials
slug: MC697802
sidebar:
    label: MC697802
---


Last updated: 

<p>We are introducing the ability for admins to get oversight to users who initiate and deploy self-service trials. These are trials for Microsoft 365 products or features available with your Microsoft 365 subscription with no requirement to input payment information.<br></p><p>Going forward, if any End-User trial has been started for a product, you will receive an Admin Center notification that will quickly guide you to the “Your Products” page for your management.</p><p>[When this will happen:]</p><p>Standard Release: Rollout has begun and we&nbsp;expect to be complete by the end of December 2023.</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p><ol><li>To see the notification:</li><ol><li>Locate your notification icon in the Admin Center header at the top right corner.</li><li>A Notification will be displayed if a Trial has been started by one of your End-Users in the previous week with a link to the “Your Products” page for management. Note that the link provides access to a filtered view for “Your Products” for “Account Type” Self-Service:</li><li>Feedback on these and other Notifications can be provided at the “Give us feedback” on the bottom of the Notification panel.&nbsp; &nbsp;</li></ol></ol><p>Quick links to any new self-service trials will appear to each of the Global Admins in your organization.  Notifications are only provided upon the first End-User initiated for each product.  If multiple product trials are initiated, all Global Admins will be notified for each product.  Note that you will not receive a notification for each End-User and that multiple products will be provided on a single notification.&nbsp;</p><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p><p>Review our <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/commerce/subscriptions/manage-self-service-purchases-admins?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">updated self-service purchase and trial documentation here</a>. We’ve added important information about the way trials work, the data that is collected, and the terms that apply. Learn more about <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/commerce/subscriptions/manage-self-service-purchases-admins?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">managing self-service trials, including how to opt out</a>.&nbsp;</p>

## Further reading
