---
title: MC695502 - (Updated) IntelliFrame experiences on new Teams app and Recognition expansion
description: (Updated) IntelliFrame experiences on new Teams app and Recognition expansion
slug: MC695502
sidebar:
    label: MC695502
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Dec 04, 2023 |  | Feb 26, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 29, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message Feature update User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>Updated February 25, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p>This is a two-part&nbsp;update, with:&nbsp;<br></p><ol><li>IntelliFrame experiences availability on new Teams app for Desktop,&nbsp;</li><li>Expanding recognition support to cover scenarios such as meeting invite forwarding and Teams meeting nudge among others (Please&nbsp;See below for details)<ul><li>IntelliFrame experiences from Edge cameras like Yealink Smartvision 60 are currently available on Teams Desktop platform. With this update, we want to announce the availability of IntelliFrame on New Teams app.</li><li>Recognition expansion: This update applies to both existing and new Teams desktop app. Previously recognition was only supported when an organizer invited the meeting room with Intelligent camera connected. With this update, we are able to support the following scenarios.<ul><li>Meeting forward (both one time and recurring meetings)</li><li>Teams nudge (using Roster&gt;add participant)</li><li>Join by meeting ID (Using MTR to join a meeting by ID)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Also, under "Recognition" feature, we heard our users and renamed unrecognized users from "Guest" to "Participant". Moving forward, with this update anyone who is unrecognized will see their name label as "Participant."</li></ol><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=161427" target="_blank">161427</a></p><p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Targeted Release: We will begin rolling out early January 2024 and expect to complete by mid-January 2024.</p><p>Worldwide &amp; GCC: We will begin rolling out mid-January 2024 and expect to complete by mid-March 2024 (previously mid-February).
</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p><p>IntelliFrame support on new Teams app, so users switching to new Teams app will be able to experience IntelliFrame from the MTR connected Intelligent cameras.</p><p>With additional recognition scenarios, users will be able to see their name labels generated across majority of meeting scenarios, with exceptions like multi-tenant meetings which are not supported yet.&nbsp;</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p><p>You may consider updating your training and documentation as appropriate.</p><p><br></p>

## Further reading
