---
title: MC692019 - (Updated) Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management - Public preview of recommended actions for finetuning policies
description: (Updated) Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management - Public preview of recommended actions for finetuning policies
slug: MC692019
sidebar:
    label: MC692019
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Nov 20, 2023 |  | Jan 24, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 29, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 suite

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated January 24, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Coming soon, Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management will be rolling out the public preview of recommended actions for finetuning policies.</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=186580" target="_blank">186580</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>Rollout will begin late February 2024 (previously mid-January) and is expected to be complete by late March 2024 (previously mid-February).</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>We are introducing additional recommended actions to provide guidance on fine-tuning your insider risk policies and implementing advanced configurations. These new tasks and journeys will be accessible through the Recommended Actions page.&nbsp;</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>No action is required for this update. You can find the new recommended actions on the Recommended Actions page.</p><p>Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management correlates various signals to identify potential malicious or inadvertent insider risks, such as IP theft, data leakage, and security violations. Insider Risk Management enables customers to create policies based on their own internal policies, governance, and organizational requirements. Built with privacy by design, users are pseudonymized by default, and role-based access controls and audit logs are in place to help ensure user-level privacy.</p><p>You can access the Insider Risk Management solution in the <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/carolyn-jensen-86a86b90" target="_blank">Microsoft Purview compliance portal.</a></p><p> 
</p><p>Learn more: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/insider-risk-management-configure#recommended-actions-preview" target="_blank">Get started with insider risk management | Microsoft Learn</a></p>

## Further reading
