---
title: MC693865 - SharePoint Add-In retirement in Microsoft 365
description: SharePoint Add-In retirement in Microsoft 365
slug: MC693865
sidebar:
    label: MC693865
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Nov 27, 2023 |  | Nov 27, 2023 |

EndDateTime: May 05, 2026

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: True

Tags: User impact Admin impact Retirement

Service: SharePoint Online

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>Since the release of SharePoint Add-Ins in 2013, Microsoft has evolved SharePoint extensibility using <a href="https://aka.ms/spfx" target="_blank">SharePoint Framework</a> (SPFx) enabling you to write applications that can be used in Microsoft SharePoint, Viva Connections and Microsoft Teams. With our continued investment in SharePoint Framework, Microsoft is retiring SharePoint Add-Ins.</p><p><b>Key Points:</b></p><ul><li>Major: Retirement&nbsp;</li><li>Timeline:<ul><li>Starting July 1st, 2024, SharePoint Add-Ins cannot be installed from the public marketplace, also referred to as store by existing tenants. Installation from a private tenant catalog stays possible.</li><li>Starting November 1st, 2024, new tenants will not be able use SharePoint Add-Ins, regardless of their origin (public marketplace, private tenant catalog).</li><li>Starting April 2nd, 2026, Microsoft will remove the ability use SharePoint Add-Ins for existing tenants.</li></ul></li><li>Action: Review and assess impact 
</li></ul><p><b>How this will affect your organization</b> 
</p><p>If your organization still uses SharePoint Add-Ins, they will no longer function after April 2nd, 2026. We recommend customers to port their customizations to SharePoint Framework (SPFx) and ask their solution vendors for updated solutions. 
</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare</b> 
</p><p>You will want to notify your Add-In users and developers. Update your user training and prepare your help desk. 
</p><p>For admins 
</p><ul><li>Use the <a href="https://aka.ms/assessment/addinsacs" target="_blank">Microsoft 365 Assessment tool</a> to scan your tenants for SharePoint Add-In usage. 
</li><li>Review the guidance for <a href="https://aka.ms/retirement/addins/guidance" target="_blank">migrating from SharePoint Add-Ins to SharePoint Framework</a>. 
</li><li>There will not be an option to extend SharePoint Add-Ins beyond April 2nd 2026.  
</li></ul><p>Learn more 
</p><ul><li>Support update for the&nbsp;<a href="https://aka.ms/retirement/addins/support" target="_blank">retirement of SharePoint Add-Ins</a>&nbsp;in Microsoft 365.</li></ul>

## Further reading
