---
title: MC694388 - (Updated) Microsoft 365 Backup
description: (Updated) Microsoft 365 Backup
slug: MC694388
sidebar:
    label: MC694388
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Nov 30, 2023 |  | Jan 24, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 30, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature Admin impact

Service: Exchange Online SharePoint Online OneDrive for Business

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated January 24, 2024: Is now live for public preview. Additional resources are available to review:</p><ul><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/syntex/syntex-azure-billing" target="_blank">Configure Microsoft Syntex for pay-as-you-go billing.</a></li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/syntex/backup/backup-setup?tabs=onedrive" target="_blank">Set up Microsoft 365 Backup (Preview)</a></li></ul><p style="">Microsoft 365 Backup Service is a product offering spanning across the OneDrive, SharePoint, and Exchange Online services. This service provides customers with a consistent, cross product solution, to recover their M365 data from cataclysmic events such as: at scale ransomware attacks, or malicious/accidental data deletion/corruption by end users. Microsoft 365 Backup Service is available on a pay-as-you-go basis and can be enabled through the Microsoft 365 admin center.<br></p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=188799" target="_blank">188799</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>Preview: We will begin rolling out early January 2024 (previously early December) and expect to complete by mid-February 2024 (previously mid-January).</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b><br></p>

<p>Global admins can backup and restore content across the defined services (SPO/ODB/EXO). To protect content for any defined service, they need to create a backup policy for that service and add the relevant sites/accounts/mailboxes that they want to protect to that policy.<br></p><p>
</p>
<p>SPO Admins can backup and restore content for both SPO and ODB but not EXO. Similarly, EXO admins can backup and restore content only for EXO but not SPO and ODB.</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>If you wish to use Backup, you can start by identifying the sites/accounts/mailboxes in your tenant, that you want to protect. Once you enable M365 backup, it will be available under M365 Admin Center &gt; Settings section.<br></p><p>
</p>
<p><a href="http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=2250075" target="_blank">Learn more about enabling and using M365 Backup.</a></p>

## Further reading
