---
title: MC706396 - Classic Teams users to be updated to new Teams after March 31, 2024
description: Classic Teams users to be updated to new Teams after March 31, 2024
slug: MC706396
sidebar:
    label: MC706396
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jan 12, 2024 |  | Jan 12, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 29, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Feature update User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>As communicated in MC686187 (October ’23), <i>after March 31, 2024, any classic Teams users that haven't updated to new Teams, will be <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-automatic-upgrade-announced" target="_blank">automatically updated to new Teams</a></i>. 
</p><p>With March 31 being less than three months away, we advise you to update users in your organization to new Teams as quickly as you can. 
</p><p>New Teams now has over 90M monthly active users, and the figures are increasing by millions daily. It only takes one click to update to new Teams. You can easily pick up and resume exactly where you left off in classic Teams and your chat messages, Teams and channels, and apps will appear in new Teams. 
</p><p><b>How will this affect your organization?</b></p><ul><li>From February 2024, an informational banner will appear for users on classic Teams to remind them about the timeline for auto-update and encourage them to update to new Teams.  
</li><li>After March 31, 2024, any existing values for <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-deploy-using-policies?tabs=teams-admin-center" target="_blank">new Teams client policies</a> will no longer be valid, and users who are still on classic Teams will be updated to new Teams automatically. 
</li><li>Users will not be able to switch back to classic Teams after March 31, 2024, because classic Teams will not be functional. Microsoft will attempt to uninstall classic Teams at this time. Visit <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/teams-classic-client-end-of-availability" target="_blank">this page</a> to learn more about the experience and different users impacted.
</li><li>As mentioned in our previous <a href="https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-teams-blog/announcing-general-availability-of-the-new-microsoft-teams-app/ba-p/3934603" target="_blank">new Teams GA announcement</a>, new features and capabilities as well as enhancements to existing features are available exclusively in new Teams. Hence, you should make this update a priority to keep your users up to date with new features and enhancements to existing features.
</li></ul><p><b>Note:</b> New Teams is a performance-focused update. New Teams is <a href="https://research.gigaom.com/report/new-microsoft-teams-performance-benchmark" target="_blank">up to 2x faster and use 50% less memory</a>. There is no major impact to the user experience for new Teams. This means you don’t need to invest in any additional training.
</p><p>We encourage you to review the <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/teams-client-update#servicing-agreement" target="_blank">service agreement</a> that governs Teams app updates. If you haven’t already updated to new Teams yet, review the <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-deploy-using-policies?tabs=teams-admin-center#prerequisites" target="_blank">prerequisites</a> and <a href="https://review.learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-deploy-using-policies" target="_blank">policy updates</a> for the update to new Teams.
</p><p><b>How can I prepare for a seamless update to new Teams?</b></p><ul><li>Admins can <a href="https://aka.ms/newTeamsUpgrade" target="_blank">enable new Teams in their organizations</a> by leveraging robust IT admin policy via<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-deploy-using-policies?tabs=teams-admin-center" target="_blank"> Teams Admin Center</a>&nbsp;or taking advantage of deployment options such as <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-bulk-install-client" target="_blank">bulk deployment</a>, or leaving update to <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/new-teams-deploy-with-m365apps" target="_blank">office update channels</a> that allow them to enable users and groups within their organizations as needed. 
</li><li>Admins who currently have the Teams update policy set to 'Not enabled'  or ‘User Choice’ for the 'Use new Teams client' setting, we suggest setting the value as ‘New Teams as default’  or ‘New Teams only’ (will be available by the end of January 2024). If you would like Microsoft to manage the updates for your users, you can set the value to ‘Microsoft Controlled’.
</li></ul><p>Notes: 
</p><ul><li>After June 30, 2024, classic Teams will no longer be available to use for the virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) users, and they will need to update to new Teams to continue using Teams and avoid disruption.
</li><li>The auto-update timeline of March 31, 2024, will not impact Microsoft Teams Rooms (MTR) and Surface Hub devices.
</li><li>As communicated in our MC698876, Teams Live Event (TLE) producer support will be arriving in new Teams soon, at the beginning of March. We are committed to providing this support to avoid any disruptions to TLE producers because of the auto-update after March 31, 2024.
</li></ul><p>To learn more about this announcement, view <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/teams-classic-client-end-of-availability" target="_blank">this page</a>. If you have any questions, you can contact your customer success manager (CSM) or customer executive (CE) at Microsoft.
</p><p>We always value feedback and questions from our customers. Feel free to submit feedback via Microsoft 365 Message Center or Service Health Dashboard.
</p><p>Thank you for being a valued user of Teams.
</p>

## Further reading
