---
title: MC705347 - (Updated) Deploy Shifts to your Frontline teams at scale.
description: (Updated) Deploy Shifts to your Frontline teams at scale.
slug: MC705347
sidebar:
    label: MC705347
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jan 09, 2024 |  | Jan 30, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 29, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated January 30, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Admins will be empowered to deploy Shifts across their frontline dynamic teams through the Teams Admin Center. They will have the ability to uniformly configure the Shifts app settings, identify schedule owners, and create schedule groups for the Microsoft Teams Shifts app on their frontline teams. This will enable frontline managers to start managing their frontline teams through Shifts with minimal friction.</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=138479" target="_blank">138479</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>Standard Release: The rollout of this feature will be completed in March 2024 (previously February) in the Teams Admin Center.</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>In the Teams Admin Center, admins will be able to configure the following settings for the Shifts app across their frontline teams:
</p><ul><li>Enable or disable shift request capabilities.
</li><li>Enable or disable frontline managers' capability to create open shifts.
</li><li>Enable or disable the timeclock functionality.
</li><li>Define the time off reasons available for frontline workers.
</li><li>Identify the schedule owners on their frontline teams.
</li><li>Choose how the schedule groups will be defined for all teams. Alternatively, delegate the creation of schedule groups to the schedule owners.</li><li>Select which frontline teams they want to deploy Shifts to.</li></ul>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>To use this feature, your organization should have already deployed frontline dynamic teams from the Microsoft Teams Admin Center. Read more on how to <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/frontline/deploy-dynamic-teams-at-scale?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">deploy frontline dynamic teams at scale</a>. You also need to be a Global admin to run this deployment process.<br></p><p>Links to get started:</p><ul><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/frontline/deploy-shifts-at-scale?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">Deploy Shifts to your frontline teams at scale</a>.</li><li><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/frontline/shifts-for-teams-landing-page?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">Get started with Shifts</a></li></ul>

## Further reading
