---
title: MC707648 - Microsoft Teams - Private and shared channels links
description: Microsoft Teams - Private and shared channels links
slug: MC707648
sidebar:
    label: MC707648
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jan 17, 2024 |  | Jan 17, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 30, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Feature update User impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>In Microsoft Teams, we are extending support for channel links to include both private and shared channels.&nbsp; Once released, members of private and shared channels will be able to get links to a private or shared channel or channel post to share with other Teams users.</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=325325" target="_blank">325325</a></p><p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Preview and Targeted Release: We will begin rolling out early February 2024 and expect to complete by mid-February 2024.</p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out mid-February 2024 and expect to complete by late February 2024.</p><p>GCC Release: We will begin rolling out late February 2024 and expect to complete by early March 2024.</p><p>GCCH Release: We will begin rolling out late February 2024 and expect to complete by early March 2024.</p><p>DoD Release: We will begin rolling out early March 2024 and expect to complete by mid-March 2024.</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p><p>Users will now be able to share links to private and shared channels and channel posts with other members of the channel. Users who are not members of the channel will not be able to access the channel or channel post. Only members of the channel will be sent to the channel or post when clicking on a channel link.</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p><p>There is no action needed to prepare for this change. You may want to notify your users about this change and update any relevant documentation as appropriate.</p>

## Further reading
