---
title: MC709979 - Microsoft SharePoint - Updated Lists in Team Sites, Lists progressive web app (PWA), and Teams
description: Microsoft SharePoint - Updated Lists in Team Sites, Lists progressive web app (PWA), and Teams
slug: MC709979
sidebar:
    label: MC709979
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jan 25, 2024 |  | Jan 25, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Aug 05, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: New feature User impact Admin impact

Service: SharePoint Online Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>This update improves the overall performance of <i>Lists </i>in Microsoft SharePoint and introduces new features, including the ability to add ratings to any list, drag and/or paste images directly into a list, see who is collaborating with you in real-time, switch views by clicking tabs, and more.</p><p>This rollout is a continuation of MC600726 (Updated) Microsoft Lists User Experience Update (June 2023).<br></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b><br></p><p>Targeted Release: We will begin rolling out early February 2024 and expect to complete by late February. 
</p><p>
</p><p>Standard Release GCC, GCCHigh, DoD, USSec, and USNat: We will begin rolling out late February&nbsp;and expect to complete by late June 2024.<br></p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b><br></p><p>Users in affected tenants will see <i>Lists </i>feature updates as described in <a href="https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-365-blog/microsoft-lists-easier-better-faster-stronger/bc-p/3842882" target="_blank">Microsoft Lists: Easier, Better, Faster, Stronger - Microsoft Community Hub</a> when browsing to lists in SharePoint sites, the Lists progressive web app (PWA), and Lists in Teams. All <i>Lists </i>in SharePoint sites will maintain the SharePoint site's chrome, theming, and navigation. These improvements will NOT reach <i>Lists </i>that have been configured with these features:</p><ul><li>SharePoint Framework extensions </li><li>PowerApps forms </li><li>Approvals </li><li>The Playlist template</li></ul><p>Future rollouts will bring support for Lists that are using these features.</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b><br></p>
<p>Learn more: <a href="https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-365-blog/microsoft-lists-easier-better-faster-stronger/bc-p/3842882" target="_blank">Microsoft Lists: Easier, Better, Faster, Stronger - Microsoft Community Hub</a></p><p>No action is needed to prepare for this change. You may want to notify your users about this change and update any relevant documentation as appropriate.<br></p>

## Further reading
