---
title: MC700928 - (Updated) Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management - Public preview of policy wizard enhancements
description: (Updated) Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management - Public preview of policy wizard enhancements
slug: MC700928
sidebar:
    label: MC700928
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Dec 22, 2023 |  | Feb 07, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 30, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 suite

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated February 7, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Coming soon, Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management will be rolling out a public preview of policy wizard enhancements.</p><p style="font-size: larger;"><span style="font-size: 14px;">Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management correlates various signals to identify potential malicious or inadvertent insider risks, such as IP theft, data leakage, and security violations. Insider Risk Management enables customers to create policies based on their own internal policies, governance, and organizational requirements. Built with privacy by design, users are pseudonymized by default, and role-based access controls and audit logs are in place to help ensure user-level privacy.</span></p><p style="font-size: larger;"><span style="font-size: 14px;">You can access the Insider Risk Management solution in the <a href="https://purview.microsoft.com/compliance" target="_blank">Microsoft Purview compliance portal</a>.&nbsp;</span></p><p style="font-size: larger;"><span style="font-size: 14px;">Learn more: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/insider-risk-management-policies" target="_blank">Create and manage insider risk management policies | Microsoft Learn</a>&nbsp;</span></p><p style="font-size: larger;"><span style="font-size: 14px;">This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID </span><span style="font-size: 14px;"><a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=368825%2C" target="_blank" style="">368825</a></span><br></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>Rollout will begin in the end of early February 2024 (previously January) and is expected to be complete by early March 2024 (previously early February).&nbsp;</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>To enhance the user experience for editing and creating policies, we will be making improvements to the Trigger, Trigger threshold, Indicator threshold, and Summary pages of the policy wizard.</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p><p>There is no action needed to prepare for this change. You may want to notify your users about this change and update any relevant documentation as appropriate.</p>

## Further reading
