---
title: MC703703 - Toggle to try the Preview of new Outlook for Windows in Semi-Annual Channel
description: Toggle to try the Preview of new Outlook for Windows in Semi-Annual Channel
slug: MC703703
sidebar:
    label: MC703703
---


Last updated: 

<p>In Spring 2023, we expanded access to the preview of the new Outlook for Windows to users in Current Channel and Monthly Enterprise Channel. In September, this toggle was also released to Semi-Annual Channel Preview.  The experience is an option to try, and nothing will change without end users taking action. We will give notice before any required changes occur, after the preview has received sufficient usage and feedback.</p><p>[When this will happen:]</p><p>Rollout will be in January with the release of a new build to Semi-Annual Channel</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]<br></p><p>End users in the classic Outlook for Windows (desktop app) will see a toggle in the upper right to 'Try the new Outlook’. This toggle will be available for all users in Semi-Annual Channel who have supported accounts. Currently, supported accounts in the new app are Microsoft Exchange Online, Outlook.com, Google, Yahoo, iCloud, and IMAP accounts.
</p><p><b>Note:</b> The new client is still a preview experience, and the default state of the toggle to try it is OFF. Users may submit feedback about any capabilities they are missing if they need to switch back to the classic experience.
</p><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]<br></p><p>Review policies your organization has configured for Exchange mailboxes, which governs the configuration of the new Outlook.  See this document for more information: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/deployoffice/outlook/manage/policy-management" target="_blank">Policy Management - Deploy Office | Microsoft Learn</a>
</p><p>We recommend reviewing any remaining COM/VSTO add-ins used by your organization and moving to web add-ins because COM/VSTO add-ins will not be supported in the new app. Otherwise, no actions are required. See this document for more information: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/deployoffice/outlook/get-started/migrate-com-to-web-addins" target="_blank">Migrate from COM to web add-ins - Deploy Office | Microsoft Learn</a>
</p><p>If you are not ready for this preview in your organization, there are options to control the release, either by hiding the toggle or disabling mailbox access.  See this document for more information: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/deployoffice/outlook/get-started/deployment-new-outlook#control-release-of-the-new-outlook" target="_blank">Deployment overview for the new Outlook for Windows - Deploy Office | Microsoft Learn</a></p>

## Further reading
