---
title: MC709660 - Microsoft Purview | Data Loss Prevention - Oversharing Popups enhancements in Microsoft Outlook for Windows (32 bit)
description: Microsoft Purview | Data Loss Prevention - Oversharing Popups enhancements in Microsoft Outlook for Windows (32 bit)
slug: MC709660
sidebar:
    label: MC709660
---


Last updated: 

<p>In Microsoft Outlook for Windows (32 bit) for E5 users, we are expanding the functionality of <i>Oversharing </i>popups <i>(Show policy tip</i> as a dialog) for better parity with the deprecating AIP popups.</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=367053" target="_blank">367053</a>.</p>
<p>[When this will happen:]</p>

<p>Public Preview: We will begin rolling out late March 2024 and expect to complete by late April 2024.<br></p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out early May 2024 and expect to complete by early July 2024. The rest of the channels will follow in line with their normal cadence.</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]<br></p>

<ol><li>We are adding more DLP predicates for the <i>Policy tips </i>and the <i>Oversharing </i>dialogs, such as <i>Content is not labeled, Message is not labeled, Attachment is not labeled, </i>and <i>File extension is.
</i></li><li>We are adding customizations to the <i>Oversharing </i>dialog. You can configure custom title, body, business justifications and dynamic variables for matched recipients, and labels and attachments names in multiple locales.</li></ol><p>The AIP popup is set to deprecate in CY24 (with some exceptions until April 2025).&nbsp;</p>

<p>[What you need to do to prepare:]<br></p><p>Start migrating to <i>DLP policy tips</i> and <i>Oversharing </i>popups for your use cases. Let us know your feedback.</p><p>References</p>
<p><a href="https://microsoft.github.io/ComplianceCxE/playbooks/AIP2MIP/Features/Collaboration/OversharingPopups/" target="_blank">Oversharing Popups Playbook - Microsoft Purview Customer Experience Engineering (CxE)</a></p><p><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/dlp-create-deploy-policy" target="_blank" style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); font-family: sans-serif; font-weight: 400;">Create and deploy a data loss prevention policy | Microsoft Learn</a><br></p><p><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/dlp-osp-get-started" target="_blank">Get started with oversharing pop ups | Microsoft Learn</a></p>

## Further reading
