---
title: MC705764 - Keep your Microsoft Teams desktop client compliant by updating regularly
description: Keep your Microsoft Teams desktop client compliant by updating regularly
slug: MC705764
sidebar:
    label: MC705764
---


Last updated: 

<p>Since Microsoft Teams is governed by the <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/lifecycle/policies/modern" target="_blank" style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); font-family: sans-serif; font-weight: 400;">Modern Lifecycle Policy</a>, the Teams desktop client needs to be up to date.  Users who are on old versions of Classic Teams app will receive in-app notifications to encourage them to update to the latest version of Teams.  This is to ensure that users have the latest capabilities, performance enhancements, security features, and service reliability.<br></p><p><b>Note:&nbsp;</b>This in-app notification will not apply to users on machine wide (non-persistent setup) Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) deployments.   Admins will need to regularly update those users to remain supported on Teams. 
</p><p>Per MC298823 (Nov '21), a version that is too far out of date will become incompatible with the service until it’s updated.</p><p>[When this will happen:]</p><p>This will be enforced on January 22, 2024.</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]
</p><p><i>Classic Teams- Windows Versions less than 1.6.00.22378
</i></p><ul><li>Beginning December 12th, 2023, the Teams desktop client may present a banner notifying users that they are on an unsupported version of Teams.
</li></ul><p><i>Classic Teams- Windows Versions less than 1.6.00.27573
</i></p><ul><li>Beginning January 27th, 2024, the Teams desktop client may present a banner notifying users that they are on an unsupported version of Teams.
</li></ul><p><b>Note: </b>as the service progresses old Teams version will be missing features and may have significant service degradation, though basic features will likely continue to function.
</p><p>The risks of not updating to the most recent version are:
</p><ul><li>Your Teams desktop client may miss important security and quality updates.
</li><li>Unsupported versions will not be supported.
</li><li>The reliability of your Teams desktop client may suffer without recent bug fixes.
</li><li>Your Teams desktop client may not be compatible with the Modern Lifecycle Policy, resulting in unpredictable behavior and missing functionality.
</li><li>Client versions with release dates that are more than 90 days older than the <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/officeupdates/teams-app-versioning" target="_blank">current version's release date</a> may be blocked because the above is incompatible with the service.
</li></ul><p><b>Note:&nbsp;</b>Teams desktop clients on Government Clouds currently have an exception to this<a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/teams-client-update#servicing-agreement" target="_blank"> servicing agreement</a> until further notice.
</p><p>[What you can do to prepare:]<br></p><p>To avoid disruption to end-users, the admins with users on Teams versions older than the supported versions (any versions with release dates that are more than 90 days older than the <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/officeupdates/teams-app-versioning" target="_blank">current version's release date</a>) should update their users to the most recent version. Admins should plan for a regular update cadence to stay current and within the combability window. Please visit <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/microsoftteams/teams-client-update" target="_blank">this page</a> to learn more.</p>

## Further reading
