---
title: MC704955 - (Updated) Now get Real Time Calendar Notifications in Teams
description: (Updated) Now get Real Time Calendar Notifications in Teams
slug: MC704955
sidebar:
    label: MC704955
---


Last updated: 

<p style="">Updated February 19, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">You can now get the Calendar Notifications in Teams from the Activity Feed.&nbsp;<br></p><ul><li>You will get calendar notifications in the Activity Feed for the below scenarios:&nbsp;</li><ul><li>Meeting invite (including channel meetings you are explicitly invited to)</li><li>Meeting updates</li><li>Meeting cancellations</li><li>Meeting forwards (as an organizer)</li></ul><li>When you get a calendar notification, you will see an unread notification in the Activity Feed pane or at the bell icon.</li><li>When you click on a notification, you will see the details of the meeting/event in the right pane.</li></ul>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=314355" target="_blank">314355</a></p>
<p>[When this will happen:]</p>

<p>Targeted Release: We will begin rolling out mid-March 2024 and expect to complete by late March 2024.
</p><p>Standard, GCC, GCC High &amp; DoD: We will begin rolling out late March 2024 and expect to complete by late April 2024.</p>

<p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p>

<p>Users will get Calendar notifications in the Activity Feed within Teams. These notification settings for Calendar can be modified from "Notifications and activity" in the Settings menu in Teams.&nbsp;<br></p>
<p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p>
<p>There is no action needed to prepare for this change. You may want to notify your users about this change and update any relevant documentation as appropriate.</p>

## Further reading
