---
title: MC707654 - Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management - Public preview of Ability to delete indicator variants
description: Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management - Public preview of Ability to delete indicator variants
slug: MC707654
sidebar:
    label: MC707654
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jan 17, 2024 |  | Jan 17, 2024 |

EndDateTime: May 15, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: New feature User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 suite Microsoft 365 for the web

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management will be rolling out public preview of Ability to delete indicator variants.<br></p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=&amp;searchterms=376697" target="_blank">376697</a><br></p>

<p><b>When this will happen:</b><br></p>

<p>Preview rollout will begin in early February 2024 and is expected to complete in mid-February 2024.<br></p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b><br></p>

<p>With this update, admins with appropriate permissions will be able to delete any of the indicator variants created. Deletion of variants will directly delete it from all the Insider Risk Management policies being used. Any old insights related to the variants will remain for future reference.</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b><br></p>
<p>Admins with appropriate permissions can manage and delete variants in Insider risk settings.
</p><p> 
</p>

<p>Microsoft Purview Insider Risk Management correlates various signals to identify potential malicious or inadvertent insider risks, such as IP theft, data leakage, and security violations. Insider Risk Management enables customers to create policies based on their own internal policies, governance, and organizational requirements. Built with privacy by design, users are pseudonymized by default, and role-based access controls and audit logs are in place to help ensure user-level privacy.<br></p><p>
</p>
<p>You can access the Insider Risk Management solution in the Microsoft Purview compliance portal.<br></p><p>https://purview.microsoft.com/compliance&nbsp;</p><p> 
</p><p>Learn more: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/insider-risk-management-settings-policy-indicators?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">Configure policy indicators in insider risk management</a>&nbsp;</p>

## Further reading
