---
title: MC704035 - Microsoft Teams - Integrate Chat notification with Meeting RSVP status
description: Microsoft Teams - Integrate Chat notification with Meeting RSVP status
slug: MC704035
sidebar:
    label: MC704035
---


Last updated: 

<p>Microsoft Teams users will soon be able to control how they get notified in meeting chats through RSVP to their meetings. When they decline a meeting, they will not receive notifications or see the chats in chat list; when they accept a meeting, they will receive notification for all new messages. This release of Microsoft Teams Meeting ID will be rolling out across Microsoft Teams Desktop, Mobile and Web and will provide an additional way for users to control their chat list by selecting which meetings they want to receive message updates from.</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=&amp;searchterms=161739" target="_blank">161739</a></p>
<p>[When this will happen:]</p><ul><li>Targeted Release will begin rolling out early February 2024 and expect to complete by mid-February 2024.</li><li>Standard Release will begin rolling out mid-February 2024 and expect to complete by late February 2024.</li><li>GCC will begin rolling out late February 2024 and expect to complete by early March 2024.</li><li>GCCH will begin rolling out early March 2024 and expect to complete by mid-March 2024.</li><li>DoD will begin rolling out mid-March 2024 and expect to complete by late March 2024.</li></ul>

<p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p>

<p>You will not receive notifications or see chats from meetings you declined. You will be able to set how you want to be notified for meetings you RSVP with Accept or Tentative from Microsoft Teams settings.</p>
<p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p>
<p>You might want to notify your users about this new capability to control meeting chat notifications by RSVP to meetings.&nbsp;</p>

## Further reading
