---
title: MC705356 - Microsoft Readiness Toolkit for Office add-ins and VBA Retirement note
description: Microsoft Readiness Toolkit for Office add-ins and VBA Retirement note
slug: MC705356
sidebar:
    label: MC705356
---


Last updated: 

<p>Microsoft will retire the Readiness Toolkit for Office add-ins and VBA on March 31, 2024.</p><p><b>Note:&nbsp;</b>If your organization does not utilize or intend to utilize the Readiness Toolkit for Office add-ins and VBA, this message may be disregarded without concern.</p><p>[When this will happen:]</p><p>March 31, 2024.</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]<br></p><p>After March 31, 2024, the Readiness Toolkit for Office add-ins and VBA will no longer be available for download from the Microsoft Download Center. Additionally, attempts to generate advanced reports will result in an error message stating that no readiness information could be acquired, and only a basic report will be generated.</p><p>Other features, such as the Signature scan, Silverlight detection, creating inventories of macros or add-ins, and generating basic reports, will remain functional. However, no support will be provided for these features after March 31, 2024.</p><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p><p>Please review the <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/deployoffice/readiness-toolkit-application-compatibility-microsoft-365-apps#office-readiness-toolkit-retirement" target="_blank">detailed notes</a>&nbsp;in our documentation.</p><p>If you are currently using the advanced report feature in the Readiness Toolkit for Office add-ins and VBA, we recommend generating any required reports before the end of March 2024. After this date, no new advanced reports can be generated, although existing reports will continue to work.
</p><p>
</p><p>If your environment includes Microsoft Configuration Manager (current branch), you can use the <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/mem/configmgr/sum/deploy-use/office-365-dashboard#bkmk_readiness-dash" target="_blank">Microsoft 365 Apps readiness dashboard</a> to evaluate your add-in compatibility.</p><p>Please click Additional Information to learn more.</p>

## Further reading
