---
title: MC700643 - eDiscovery Premium-Enhancements to eDiscovery experience for Microsoft Forms content
description: eDiscovery Premium-Enhancements to eDiscovery experience for Microsoft Forms content
slug: MC700643
sidebar:
    label: MC700643
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Dec 21, 2023 |  | Feb 19, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Jun 28, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Forms

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated February 19, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Now admins can search for Microsoft Forms content specifically within their collections, see the full metadata associated to those items including the Form title, and review both the original Form and responses to the Form as related items within both review and export. Simplification and ease of use for managing Forms content via eDiscovery will help reduce the pain points of the challenging discovery process and improve the confidence of organizations using Forms for critical tasks that may require eDiscovery capabilities.<br></p><p>Note: 
</p><ul><li>Licensing: Because discovery of Forms content within this preview requires eDiscovery premium, you must have appropriate licensing. Please see this article for more information: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/office365/servicedescriptions/microsoft-365-service-descriptions/microsoft-purview-ediscovery#feature-availability" target="_blank">Microsoft Purview eDiscovery - Service Descriptions | Microsoft Learn</a>  
<ul><li>If your tenant does not have appropriate licensing, see <a href="http://Free trial of Microsoft Purview compliance solutions | Microsoft Learn" target="_blank">Free trial of Microsoft Purview compliance solutions | Microsoft Learn</a></li></ul></li><li>Permissions: You must have appropriate permissions to use eDiscovery. See the following article for more information: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/ediscovery-assign-permissions" target="_blank">Assign eDiscovery permissions in the Microsoft Purview compliance portal | Microsoft Learn</a></li></ul>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=181617" target="_blank">181617</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>Preview: We will begin rolling out mid-December 2023 and expect to complete by late December 2023.</p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out late February 2024 (previously late January) and expect to complete by late May 2024.&nbsp;</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>Microsoft Forms content could be searched in eDiscovery Premium. Admins can better manage tasks that require eDiscovery capabilities for Forms.&nbsp;</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>No additional action is needed to prepare for this feature.&nbsp;</p>

## Further reading
