---
title: MC707652 - Reminder - Stream (Classic) retires on April 15, 2024, and all unmigrated videos will be deleted
description: Reminder - Stream (Classic) retires on April 15, 2024, and all unmigrated videos will be deleted
slug: MC707652
sidebar:
    label: MC707652
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jan 17, 2024 |  | Jan 17, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Nov 30, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: User impact Admin impact Retirement

Service: Microsoft Stream

Details: 

<p>Microsoft will retire Stream (Classic) on April 15, 2024 and all videos on Stream (Classic) will be deleted after the retirement date. Stream (Classic) has already been auto disabled for end users, and admins can delay this change till the retirement date. Admins must migrate their tenant's Stream (Classic) data to Stream (on SharePoint) before the retirement date to prevent data loss.</p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>Stream (Classic)'s successor service, Stream (on SharePoint), entered general availability in October 2022. We recommend that you:
</p><ul><li>begin using Stream (on SharePoint)
</li><li>direct your users to upload videos to SharePoint, Teams, OneDrive, and Yammer
</li><li>put a plan in place for migration.
</li></ul><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p><p>
</p><p><i>Migrating your content from Stream (Classic):
</i></p><p>All your existing Stream (Classic) videos can be transferred to Stream (on SharePoint) to take advantage of Stream’s rich integration within Microsoft 365. To support your move to Stream (on SharePoint) we have created migration tool that allows you to transfer your videos to SharePoint while also bringing over metadata, links and permissions associated with your videos.</p><p>
</p><p>To begin using the migration tool please refer to our 3-part Migration guide here: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/stream/streamnew/stream-migration-guide-part1" target="_blank">Guide to migrate data from Stream (Classic) to Stream (on SharePoint) - Part 1</a></p><p><b>How this affects your organization:</b></p><p>
</p><p>Stream (on SharePoint) brings your users many of the capabilities of Stream (Classic) while allowing them to record and play videos directly in many everyday work and school apps such as Teams, Office.com, Yammer, Viva, PowerPoint, and SharePoint. In addition, Stream (on SharePoint) also enables you and your users to:
</p><ul><li>Easily manage video files with the same security, admin controls, multi-geo support, compliance (eDiscovery, legal hold, retention, and data loss prevention policies), permissions, and sharing controls as the rest of your files in SharePoint and OneDrive.
</li><li>Record videos with advanced tools directly in the camera like background blur or replace, inking, text, audio only, and teleprompter.
</li><li>Search for videos anywhere in Microsoft 365. You can now find videos and Teams meeting recordings across Microsoft 365 by searching keywords.
</li><li>Find what you need quickly on the Stream start page in Office. The new start page shows recent, shared, and favorite videos, with playlists coming soon. (Note: The Stream start page doesn't show you videos in Stream (Classic).)
</li><li>View Teams Meeting Recordings with transcripts, chapters, timeline markers, speaker attribution, and comments.
</li><li>Create custom page, site, and portal experiences to feature videos as part of your intranet and Viva Connections.
</li><li>Share videos the same way you would any other file in Microsoft 365 with support for Guests, People in your Organization links, or unauthenticated external sharing with “anyone” links.
</li><li>Get analytics per video, for all the videos in a site, or see who has watched your video.
</li><li>Add videos to the Viva Connections Feed.
</li><li>Use APIs based on the Microsoft Graph Files API for basic video file operations.
</li></ul><p>These benefits add up to ease of video management for admins and more productivity for your teams.</p><p><b>Learn more:</b></p><p>
</p><p>Below are links to more information about migration and Stream (on SharePoint):
</p><ul><li><a href="https://aka.ms/StreamMigration" target="_blank">Stream retirement and timeline</a> overview and migration tool details.
</li><li>Settings to <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/stream/streamnew/migration-settings#save-videos-to-stream-on-sharepoint" target="_blank">delay Stream (Classic) disablement</a>
</li><li>IT admin <a href="https://aka.ms/NewStream" target="_blank">overview of Stream (on SharePoint)</a>
</li><li>Stream (on SharePoint) <a href="https://aka.ms/StreamAdoption" target="_blank">adoption</a> and <a href="https://aka.ms/StreamUserGuide" target="_blank">end user guides.</a>
</li><li><a href="https://aka.ms/StreamClassicToSPFeatureList" target="_blank">Stream (Classic) to Stream (on SharePoint) comparison</a></li></ul>

## Further reading
