---
title: MC705350 - (Updated) Deploy your Frontline Operational hierarchy in the Teams Admin Center
description: (Updated) Deploy your Frontline Operational hierarchy in the Teams Admin Center
slug: MC705350
sidebar:
    label: MC705350
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jan 09, 2024 |  | Jan 30, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 29, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: planForChange

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated January 30, 2024: We have updated the rollout timeline below. Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">Operational hierarchy will enable admins to map their organization’s structure of frontline teams/locations to a hierarchy in the Teams Admin Center. Admins can define metadata that ranges from department information to brand information metadata for each team/location. The operational hierarchy coupled with this metadata will enable numerous frontline apps and experiences in the future like task publishing and others that are forthcoming.<br></p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=138480" target="_blank">138480</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p>

<p>Standard Release: The rollout of this feature will be completed in March 2024 (previously February) in the Teams Admin Center.</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>Admins will be able to:
</p><ul><li>Upload a CSV on the Teams Admin Center that defines the operational hierarchy of the organization.
</li><li>Within this same CSV, define metadata for each location that can include any attributes of your teams/locations such as information on what departments exist, the store layout, brand information, and more.</li><li>Enable frontline apps and experiences in the future such as task publishing along with others that are forthcoming.</li></ul>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>Start reading documentation about&nbsp;<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/frontline/deploy-frontline-operational-hierarchy?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">how to deploy your frontline operational hierarchy</a>.</p>

## Further reading
