---
title: MC701523 - Viva Engage Community creation API is now available on MS Graph Beta
description: Viva Engage Community creation API is now available on MS Graph Beta
slug: MC701523
sidebar:
    label: MC701523
---


Last updated: 

<p>We are excited to announce the launch of Viva Engage community creation API beta endpoint on MS Graph: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/api/resources/engagement-api-overview?view=graph-rest-beta" target="_blank">Use the Microsoft Graph API to work with Viva Engage (preview)</a></p><p>Many of our customers have requested this capability in the past to programmatically create communities instead of creation via Engage UI. We invite you to try this beta endpoint and provide us with feedback.
</p><p>Some things to note about the API:
</p><ul><li>It is Microsoft 365 Groups unified.
</li><li>It supports app-delegated (user auth) and app-only access.
</li><li>It is limited to networks in Native mode only – legacy and external Yammer networks will not be able to use this API for community creation.
</li><li>Community creation for an existing Microsoft 365 group is out of scope.</li></ul>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=178311" target="_blank">178311</a></p>
<p>[When this will happen:]</p>

<p>The Community creation API is now available as <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/overview?view=graph-rest-beta" target="_blank">MS Graph beta</a> endpoint.</p>

<p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p>

<p>This API does not affect the existing features and user flows. It is simply another way in which communities may be provisioned in a Viva Engage network. </p><p>The user interface for community creation, on any device platform, remains unchanged.</p>
<p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p>
<p>See this <a href="https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/viva-engage-blog/introducing-the-community-creation-api-for-viva-engage-on/ba-p/4011966" target="_blank">blog post</a> to learn more about how to use this end point and share your feedback. Refer to the&nbsp;<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/api/overview?view=graph-rest-beta" target="_blank">Microsoft Graph REST API beta endpoint reference</a> to learn more about the MS Graph beta program and best ways to provide feedback.</p>

## Further reading
