---
title: MC711018 - (Updated) Microsoft Exchange Online - Support for inbound SMTP DANE with DNSSEC
description: (Updated) Microsoft Exchange Online - Support for inbound SMTP DANE with DNSSEC
slug: MC711018
sidebar:
    label: MC711018
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jan 29, 2024 |  | Feb 16, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Sep 06, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Updated message New feature User impact Admin impact

Service: Exchange Online

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">Updated February 16, 2024: We have updated the content below for clarity Thank you for your patience.</p><p style="">We are adding support for DNS-based Authentication of Named Entities (or DANE) for SMTP and Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) for inbound mail to Exchange Online. DANE for SMTP is a security protocol that uses DNS to verify the authenticity of the certificates used for securing email communication with TLS and protecting against TLS downgrade attacks. DNSSEC is a set of extensions to DNS that provides cryptographic verification of DNS records, preventing DNS-spoofing and adversary-in-the-middle attacks to DNS.</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=63213" target="_blank">63213</a>.</p><p>
</p><p><b>When this will happen:</b><br></p>

<p>Public Preview: We will begin rolling out late March 2024 and expect to complete by late April 2024.<br></p>

<p>Standard Release: We begin rolling out late June 2024 and expect to complete by late July 2024.</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b><br></p>

<p>Inbound SMTP DANE with DNSSEC will be off by default. If you do not want to enable the feature, you do not need to do anything.</p><p>If you want to enable the feature, please follow the documentation using Exchange PowerShell. When the feature is released, the documentation will be in the <i>How can Exchange Online customers use SMTP DANE inbound</i> section of <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/how-smtp-dane-works?view=o365-worldwide#how-can-exchange-online-customers-use-smtp-dane-inbound" target="_blank">How SMTP DNS-based Authentication of Named Entities (DANE) secures email communications | Microsoft Learn</a>. By the end of 2024, we will release a new experience for enabling DNSSEC and SMTP DANE without using PowerShell.</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>Review your domain configuration internally to ensure you won’t be impacted by any of the limitations below, and visit <a href="https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/exchange-team-blog/implementing-inbound-smtp-dane-with-dnssec-for-exchange-online/ba-p/3939694" target="_blank">Implementing Inbound SMTP DANE with DNSSEC for Exchange Online Mail Flow - Microsoft Community Hub</a>&nbsp;for more detailed information on limitations:</p><ul><li>Not supported: Fully delegated domain, onmicrosoft.com domains, and domains purchased from Microsoft known as “viral” or self-service sign-up domains
</li><li>Supported with risk: 3rd-party gateways, connectors, and integration with hybrid mail flow (ex. if you are using a connector to smarthost to a domain that you want to enable with DNSSEC, you need to update the smarthost name for that connector <b>ex. contoso-com.mail.protection.outlook.com</b> to match the new MX record that will be provided during DNSSEC enablement or, preferably, to match the tenant's onmicrosoft.com domain <b>ex. tenant-name.onmicrosoft.com</b> before enabling the feature.)</li></ul><p>
</p>

## Further reading
