---
title: MC718242 - Microsoft Edge management service - Controls for automatic profile switching
description: Microsoft Edge management service - Controls for automatic profile switching
slug: MC718242
sidebar:
    label: MC718242
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Feb 21, 2024 |  | Feb 21, 2024 |

EndDateTime: May 20, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: New feature Admin impact

Service: Microsoft 365 apps

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p style="">The Microsoft Edge management service is a new, dedicated, and simplified management experience for Microsoft Edge in the Microsoft 365 admin center. Controls for automatic profile switching in the Edge management service has begun rolling&nbsp;out for preview. This new feature allows IT admins to configure profile switching behaviors for their end users, helping enforce context separation between work and personal browsing.</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=382636" target="_blank">382636</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Preview for this new feature began on February 21, 2024, and is expected to complete within a week.</p><p>Worldwide: We will begin rolling out late March 2024 and expect to complete by early April 2024.</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>This feature will provide admins with controls to set profile switching behaviors for users in their organization. They can choose to enforce these settings in order to help create the ideal end user browsing experience.</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>To manage automatic profile switching controls in the Edge management service, you will need Global admin or Edge admin access. <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/assign-admin-roles?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">Read this article</a> to learn how to assign admin roles in the Microsoft 365 admin center.
</p><p>To access the experience, go to the Microsoft 365 admin center &gt; Settings &gt; Microsoft Edge. This feature is currently only available for preview, which can be enabled by going to the Microsoft 365 admin center &gt; Settings &gt; Org settings &gt; Organization profile &gt; Release preferences and opting into a targeted release.</p><p>Additional information:
</p><p><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/deployedge/microsoft-edge-management-service" target="_blank">Read this documentation</a>&nbsp;to learn how to get started and use Edge management service.
</p><p>Should you experience any technical issues, please <a href="https://support.serviceshub.microsoft.com/supportforbusiness" target="_blank">open a support ticket</a>.</p>

## Further reading
