---
title: MC713610 - Updated Copilot user interface (UI) rolling out
description: Updated Copilot user interface (UI) rolling out
slug: MC713610
sidebar:
    label: MC713610
---


Last updated: 

<p>Starting today, the Microsoft Copilot user interface (UI) is updating to a more streamlined look and feel based on user feedback. The updated UI makes it easier to follow the flow of chats while using Copilot.</p><p>Copilot UI updates include:
</p><ul><li>A left-aligned chat experience. In the updated chat experience, users will see their profile icon next to their prompts and the Copilot icon next to Copilot’s responses.
</li><li>Chat that will scroll down from the top of the page (versus up from the bottom).</li><li>Simplified visuals and text for a cleaner interface.</li><li>For users signed in with their personal accounts (not work or school), suggested prompts above the chat input box are transitioning to a carousel format.</li></ul><p>Additionally, Designer in Copilot is updating with new feature experiences. Users can now customize their generated images with inline editing, reimagine their images with different effects or sizes, and more.</p><p>[When this will happen:]
</p><p>The Copilot UI changes will start rolling out today.</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]
</p><p>Copilot users in your organization will see these changes roll out across the following entry points:
</p><ul><li>Copilot.Microsoft.com</li><li>The Copilot mobile application<ul><li>The iOS app is available today. The Android app is coming soon.</li></ul></li></ul><p>Copilot in Edge, Bing, and Windows, and Copilot in other mobile application entry points, will transition to the updated UI over time.</p><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]
</p><p>We recommend that you prepare your users by informing them of the updated Copilot UI.</p><p>For further details, please see our announcement blog: <a href="https://aka.ms/AAotjzw" target="_blank">https://aka.ms/AAotjzw</a></p>

## Further reading
