---
title: MC711019 - Microsoft Teams - Hide General Channels
description: Microsoft Teams - Hide General Channels
slug: MC711019
sidebar:
    label: MC711019
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jan 29, 2024 |  | Jan 29, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Apr 29, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: New feature User impact

Service: Microsoft Teams

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>Similar to other channels in a team, now you will be able to hide general channels as well!</span><br></p><p>As a team member, when you become a part of a team, you see general channel always shown in your teams and channels list. Sometimes, even though the channel is not used, you still have it sticking in your teams and channels list. Introducing the capability for you to hide general channel, like any other channel in the team. Note, if general is the last channel in the team, then the team will get hidden as well.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=&amp;searchterms=324840" target="_blank">324840</a></p>
<p><b>When this will happen:</b></p><p>Targeted Release: We will begin rolling out early February 2024 and expect to complete by mid-February 2024.</p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out mid-February 2024 and expect to complete by mid-March 2024.</p>

<p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p>

<p>If general channel is hidden by the user, the channel will no longer show in their teams and channels list. They will still be able to show the channel by going to the hidden channels in the teams and channels list or manage teams &gt; channels tab &gt; selecting "show for me".</p>
<p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p>
<p>You may consider updating your training and documentation as appropriate.</p>

## Further reading
