---
title: MC716666 - Improving licensing checks for secondary accounts in the new Outlook for Windows
description: Improving licensing checks for secondary accounts in the new Outlook for Windows
slug: MC716666
sidebar:
    label: MC716666
---


Last updated: 

<p>Starting February 1, 2024, we began rolling out a change that will ensure the new Outlook for Windows' licensing checks for multi-account scenarios match the classic Outlook for Windows. While still in preview for work and school accounts, the new Outlook for Windows previously didn't support adding secondary accounts licensed with our entry-level subscription plans like Enterprise E1 or Business Basic. While these accounts offer web and mobile only access to Microsoft 365 apps and services, they could previously be added as secondary accounts to the classic desktop versions of the Microsoft 365 apps when an another account that includes desktop install rights (e.g. Enterprise E3, Business Standard) was already added.&nbsp;</p><p>[How this will affect your organization:]</p><p>If you have users in your organization that are setup with multiple email accounts with different licenses, they may now be able to access both accounts in the new Outlook for Windows like they did previously in the classic Outlook for Windows.&nbsp;</p><p>The user will need to first add the account that includes a license for the Outlook &amp; Microsoft 365 desktop apps (e.g. Enterprise E3, Business Standard). This will set that account as the Primary Account. Going forward, the Primary Account (visible and editable in Settings) will be used for determining the license that applies when adding additional secondary accounts. Once the new Outlook for Windows is properly licensed and activated by the Primary Account, users can add accounts with licenses like Business Basic and Enterprise E1 as secondary accounts.</p><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p><p>No action required. We have completed this rollout as of February 10th, 2024. This improvement ensures that the classic Outlook for Windows and the new Outlook for Windows will support the same scenarios. We are communicating this update as it has been frequently requested in our help forums.&nbsp;</p><p>Please click Additional Information to read the blog and learn more.</p>

## Further reading
