---
title: MC711026 - Teams Multitenant Org (MTO) in GCC, GCC High, and DoD clouds
description: Teams Multitenant Org (MTO) in GCC, GCC High, and DoD clouds
slug: MC711026
sidebar:
    label: MC711026
---


Last updated: 

<p style="">We're pleased to announce the upcoming Multi-Tenant Organization (MTO) capabilities in Microsoft Teams. Admins can activate these features by configuring an MTO group in the Microsoft 365 admin center, while users utilize the new Teams desktop client.<br></p><p>Aimed at organizations managing employees across multiple tenants within the same cloud boundary, these features provide a seamless collaboration experience within MTO groups, enabling access to resources across tenants. The capabilities cover search, chat, calling, meetings, and content sharing, eliminating silos and facilitating collaboration across tenant boundaries.</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=&amp;searchterms=375631" target="_blank">375631</a></p><p>[When this will happen:]</p><p>These features will be available for customers to try starting in late January 2024 and expect to complete by late February 2024.
</p><p>[What you need to do to prepare:]</p><p>If you are interested in using these capabilities, familiarize yourself with <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/enterprise/plan-multi-tenant-org-overview?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">Plan for multitenant organizations in Microsoft 365 (Preview)</a> 
</p><p>Client machines running Windows 10 must have KB5027293 installed.
</p><p>Client machines running Windows 11 must have KB5027303 installed.
</p><p>The following minimum client versions are required:
</p><ul><li>Windows Desktop Client: 23231.412.2343.5284 
</li><li>Mac Desktop Client: 23231.412.2343.5284
</li><li>Android Client: 1416/1.0.0.2023121301<br></li><li>iOS Client: 2023231301</li></ul><p><b>Note:&nbsp;</b>MTO capabilities will be available on the new Teams Windows, new Teams MacOS, iOS and Android client apps. A version of the Teams web app will also be optimized for these MTO features in the future.</p>

## Further reading
