---
title: MC711015 - Microsoft Teams - Global reader role for Teams devices in Teams admin center
description: Microsoft Teams - Global reader role for Teams devices in Teams admin center
slug: MC711015
sidebar:
    label: MC711015
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Jan 29, 2024 |  | Jan 29, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Sep 24, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Feature update Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Teams Microsoft 365 for the web

Details: 

<p>Admins can now use the existing <i>Global reader</i> role for read-only access to the<i> Teams devices</i> section in the Teams admin center!<br></p><p>The <i style="font-size: 14px;">Global reader </i>role is a built-in role in Microsoft Entra ID&nbsp;t<span style="font-size: 14px;">hat allows admins to view all administrative features and settings without the ability to edit or modify them. This role is useful for auditing, reporting, and troubleshooting purposes.</span><span style="font-size: 14px;">
</span></p><p><span style="font-size: 14px;"><b>When will this happen:</b>
</span></p><p><span style="font-size: 14px;">Standard Release: We will begin rolling out this improvement in mid-February and expect to complete it by late February.
</span></p><p><span style="font-size: 14px;"><b>How this will affect your organization:</b>
</span></p><p><span style="font-size: 14px;">Admins with the <i>Global reader </i>role can access the<i> Teams devices </i>section with read-only permissions to view device information like device inventory, health, history, settings, and use capabilities like download logs, export, filter, etc. They won't be able to make edits or take remote actions on the devices, such as restart, update, assign configuration, and remote sign-in/sign-out. 
</span></p><p><span style="font-size: 14px;">This feature provides a consistent experience across the Teams admin center and enhances the control and security for admins who need to access device information, stay informed, and monitor their devices without the worry of unintended changes.
</span></p><p><span style="font-size: 14px;">To learn more about roles and how to assign them: </span><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/about-admin-roles?view=o365-worldwide" target="_blank">About admin roles in the Microsoft 365 admin center | Microsoft Learn</a></p><p><span style="font-size: 14px;"><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b>
</span></p><p>No action is needed to prepare for this change. You may want to notify your users about this change and update any relevant documentation as appropriate.</p><p><span style="font-size: 16.8px;"><b>
</b></span></p><p><span style="font-size: 16.8px;"><b>
</b></span></p>

## Further reading
