---
title: MC715698 - Microsoft Stream Web app - Downloading fixed in View mode
description: Microsoft Stream Web app - Downloading fixed in View mode
slug: MC715698
sidebar:
    label: MC715698
---

| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Feb 14, 2024 |  | Feb 14, 2024 |

EndDateTime: Jun 14, 2024

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Feature update User impact

Service: Microsoft Stream

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>In Microsoft Stream (on SharePoint), users reported problems downloading video in <i>View</i> mode, despite having download permissions. We’ve fixed this problem and added a <i>Download </i>button in <i>View</i> mode of the Stream Web app for users with download permissions.</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=Microsoft%20Stream&amp;searchterms=124992" target="_blank">124992</a> (rolled out July 2023) and the message MC398248 <i>(Updated) Microsoft Stream: Stream Web App</i> (July 2022).</p><p><b>When this will happen:</b>
</p><p>Targeted Release: Completed early February 2024.</p><p>Standard Release, GCC, GCC High, and DoD: We will begin rolling out this fix early February 2024 and expect to complete GCC High and DoD by early May 2024.</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b>
</p><p>Users with View-only + download permissions will be able to download the video as expected in the Stream Web app.</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b>
</p><p>No action is needed to prepare for this change. You may want to notify your users about this change and update any relevant documentation as appropriate.</p><p><i>References</i></span></p><p><a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/stream/streamnew/new-stream" target="_blank">Overview of Stream (on SharePoint) - Microsoft Stream | Microsoft Learn</a></p><p><a href="https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-stream-blog/microsoft-stream-the-future-of-video-in-microsoft-365/ba-p/3969156" target="_blank">The Future of Video in Microsoft 365 - Microsoft Community Hub</a></p>

## Further reading
