---
title: MC713420 - Microsoft Viva Engage and Microsoft Yammer - update on web domain migration release date
description: Microsoft Viva Engage and Microsoft Yammer - update on web domain migration release date
slug: MC713420
sidebar:
    label: MC713420
---


| Published | Act by | Last updated |
| Feb 07, 2024 |  | Feb 07, 2024 |

EndDateTime: May 16, 2025

Severity: normal

Category: stayInformed

IsMajorChange: False

Tags: Feature update User impact Admin impact

Service: Microsoft Viva

Details: Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair Microsoft.Graph.PowerShell.Models.MicrosoftGraphKeyValuePair

<p>As previously communicated in MC679739 <i>Yammer Rebranding to Viva Engage Domain Migration Update</i> (October 2023), the web domain migration of Microsoft Viva Engage is a crucial step in providing a consistent experience. To ensure a smooth transition and prevent any potential disruptions to your workflows, we find it necessary to adjust our original timeline.<br></p><p>The new release date for the web domain migration is now set to begin in late March. This decision has been made to safeguard your experience and minimize any potential negative impacts on your daily work. We apologize for any effect that this delay may have caused you.
</p><p>This message is associated with Microsoft 365 Roadmap ID <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?filters=&amp;searchterms=180352" target="_blank">180352</a>.</p><p><b>When this will happen:</b><br></p><p>Standard Release: We will begin rolling out in late March 2024 and expect to complete by early April 2024. We can't give you an exact date for when the change will roll out to your tenant.&nbsp;</p><p>We understand the importance of your workflows. By delaying the release, we can thoroughly test and validate the changes to help guarantee a seamless transition. We ask you to continue following our previous recommendations to prepare for this change, as they remain applicable.</p><p>It's important to note that these release dates are only for the web domain migration. The email sender domain change has not yet been rescheduled. We will announce updates on the email sender domain changes in a future message center post.</p><p>We sincerely appreciate your ongoing support and patience as we work diligently to ensure that this change does not disrupt your daily work.</p><p><b>How this will affect your organization:</b></p><p>We will redirect URLs from the old domain (https://web.yammer.com) to the new domain (https://engage.cloud.microsoft/) to ensure uninterrupted access to Viva Engage and related features. These redirects will work with supported browsers and will be retained for the long term, so items like bookmarks should transition seamlessly. Users who are in Viva Engage at the same time as the change rolls out may need to refresh their browsers once to be redirected to the new domain.&nbsp;</p><p><b>What you need to do to prepare:</b></p><p>Review all places where you may have explicitly configured or hardcoded domain names. Share this information on the domain changes with the relevant admins to give them time to make the necessary changes. Use any changes you have implemented for the old domain as a guide to what you may need to implement for the new domain.  
</p><p>While these changes are not anticipated to affect our APIs, it is possible that the old domain is hardcoded in a custom application, script, or automation–possibly in an unsupported manner. Review your usage of custom applications and contact your developer or partner for updates.</p><p>Learn more about the rebranding: <a href="https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/viva-engage-blog/yammer-is-evolving-to-viva-engage/ba-p/3738825#:~:text=In%202023%2C%20all%20of%20Yammer%20will%20evolve%20to,will%20be%20updated%20to%20reflect%20Viva%20Engage%20branding" target="_blank">Yammer is evolving to Viva Engage - Microsoft Community Hub</a></p>

## Further reading
